NAMESPACE                       NAME                                                  IMAGE REPOSITORY                                                                                                                        TAGS                                                           UPDATED
account-ppd                     account-buku-cekbg-be                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-ppd/account-buku-cekbg-be                                           latest,0.0.6,0.0.5,0.0.4,0.0.3,0.0.2 + 1 more...               6 months ago
account-ppd                     account-inquiry-be                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-ppd/account-inquiry-be                                              latest,0.0.7,0.0.6,0.0.5,0.0.4,0.0.3 + 3 more...               28 hours ago
account-ppd                     account-maint-konven-be                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-ppd/account-maint-konven-be                                         latest,0.0.20,0.0.19,0.0.18,0.0.16 + 15 more...                2 months ago
account-ppd                     account-maint-syariah-be                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-ppd/account-maint-syariah-be                                        latest,0.0.14,0.0.13,0.0.11,0.0.10 + 8 more...                 3 months ago
account-ppd                     account-maintenance-konven-be                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-ppd/account-maintenance-konven-be                                   latest,0.0.6,0.0.5,0.0.4,0.0.3,0.0.2 + 1 more...               3 weeks ago
account-ppd                     account-maintenance-konven-omni                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-ppd/account-maintenance-konven-omni                                 0.0.8,latest,0.0.7,0.0.6,0.0.5,0.0.4 + 2 more...               3 weeks ago
account-ppd                     account-maintenance-syariah-be                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-ppd/account-maintenance-syariah-be                                  latest,0.0.1                                                   3 months ago
account-ppd                     account-maintenance-syariah-omni                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-ppd/account-maintenance-syariah-omni                                latest,0.0.1                                                   3 months ago
account-ppd                     account-onboarding-omni                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-ppd/account-onboarding-omni                                         latest,0.0.21,0.0.20,0.0.18,0.0.17 + 14 more...                27 hours ago
account-ppd                     account-otorisasi-be                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-ppd/account-otorisasi-be                                            0.0.10,latest,0.0.9,0.0.8,0.0.7,0.0.6 + 4 more...              3 weeks ago
account-ppd                     account-otorisasi-omni                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-ppd/account-otorisasi-omni                                          0.0.1,latest                                                   3 months ago
account-ppd                     account-parameter-be                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-ppd/account-parameter-be                                            0.0.7,latest,0.0.6,0.0.5,0.0.4,0.0.3 + 1 more...               3 weeks ago
account-ppd                     account-rdn-be                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-ppd/account-rdn-be                                                  0.0.4,latest,0.0.3                                             9 months ago
account-ppd                     account-rdn-omni                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-ppd/account-rdn-omni                                                latest,0.0.1                                                   11 months ago
account-ppd                     accountsyr-onboarding-omni                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-ppd/accountsyr-onboarding-omni                                      latest,0.0.18,0.0.14,0.0.13,0.0.12 + 7 more...                 26 hours ago
account-ppd                     dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-ppd/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                         latest                                                         3 months ago
account-sit                     account-buku-cekbg-be                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-sit/account-buku-cekbg-be                                           latest,7eb1ff8f,3f93391e,57f746d5 + 11 more...                 3 months ago
account-sit                     account-closing-konven-be                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-sit/account-closing-konven-be                                       latest,3c21b4b4,4aedfe78,6017e6be + 110 more...                10 hours ago
account-sit                     account-closing-konven-omni                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-sit/account-closing-konven-omni                                     latest,907b89c4,6cca2f82,646fb434 + 52 more...                 10 hours ago
account-sit                     account-closing-syariah-be                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-sit/account-closing-syariah-be                                      ad932c5e,latest,48dc9606,9e190176 + 22 more...                 2 weeks ago
account-sit                     account-closing-syariah-omni                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-sit/account-closing-syariah-omni                                    53fb14cf,latest,6fa373c2,cc095465 + 10 more...                 4 weeks ago
account-sit                     account-inquiry-be                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-sit/account-inquiry-be                                              latest,668f33ea,f5c2f9ab,93e98912 + 31 more...                 35 hours ago
account-sit                     account-maint-konven-be                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-sit/account-maint-konven-be                                         0087e41d,latest,22ff2dc1,7d826fed + 115 more...                3 weeks ago
account-sit                     account-maint-syariah-be                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-sit/account-maint-syariah-be                                        latest,b7f13d8f,c9b934eb,530d8e71 + 60 more...                 3 months ago
account-sit                     account-maintenance-konven-be                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-sit/account-maintenance-konven-be                                   fa5265f5,latest,ba134a06,1725659f + 78 more...                 5 weeks ago
account-sit                     account-maintenance-konven-omni                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-sit/account-maintenance-konven-omni                                 latest,3540d1b2,2f67f167,c11a154b + 100 more...                3 weeks ago
account-sit                     account-maintenance-syariah-be                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-sit/account-maintenance-syariah-be                                  latest,ee4b6d8f,b006ee8f,10e6b991 + 45 more...                 3 months ago
account-sit                     account-maintenance-syariah-omni                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-sit/account-maintenance-syariah-omni                                latest,0d10d61e,e94fb42d,6b495b74 + 32 more...                 5 months ago
account-sit                     account-onboarding-omni                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-sit/account-onboarding-omni                                         139f7c91,latest,c93c4939,61b10f33 + 112 more...                34 hours ago
account-sit                     account-otorisasi-be                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-sit/account-otorisasi-be                                            latest,ab3b04b5,5d51d07b,04da8ca1 + 13 more...                 3 weeks ago
account-sit                     account-otorisasi-omni                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-sit/account-otorisasi-omni                                          a89c8ae3,latest,30c6224c,1b3302c8 + 7 more...                  3 weeks ago
account-sit                     account-parameter-be                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-sit/account-parameter-be                                            a6bdf3fb,latest,956af420,748bc0f1 + 58 more...                 3 weeks ago
account-sit                     account-preevent                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-sit/account-preevent                                                latest,0919be89,1f377800,d7c6ae97 + 4 more...                  5 days ago
account-sit                     account-rdn-be                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-sit/account-rdn-be                                                  799abba1,latest,f390d478,cd31d1fb + 31 more...                 3 months ago
account-sit                     account-rdn-omni                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-sit/account-rdn-omni                                                e22d7ada,latest,04af2dee,70bcafc3 + 10 more...                 11 months ago
account-sit                     accountclosing-consumer                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-sit/accountclosing-consumer                                         f2425641,latest,68b19717                                       2 months ago
account-sit                     accountsyr-onboarding-omni                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-sit/accountsyr-onboarding-omni                                      latest,c01920db,64e08a95,9f9cb841 + 52 more...                 28 hours ago
account-sit                     dashboard-xgen-api                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-sit/dashboard-xgen-api                                              latest,ffa39b2f,aa8b40a5,3b5e6420 + 24 more...                 13 months ago
account-sit                     dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                         latest                                                         14 months ago
account-sit                     nodejs-12-rhel7                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-sit/nodejs-12-rhel7                                                 latest                                                         13 months ago
account-sit                     web-dashboard-xgen                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-sit/web-dashboard-xgen                                              9cae5044,latest,f1b71982,5d0b9257 + 31 more...                 13 months ago
account-uat                     account-buku-cekbg-be                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-uat/account-buku-cekbg-be                                           latest,e2ceeb48,06f4cb5f,d5aae1db + 5 more...                  6 months ago
account-uat                     account-closing-konven-be                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-uat/account-closing-konven-be                                       latest,21f542ca,1d4296dc,cf3c2df6 + 12 more...                 9 days ago
account-uat                     account-closing-konven-omni                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-uat/account-closing-konven-omni                                     latest,ccd15bb2,84aa92b5,abad677d + 1 more...                  6 days ago
account-uat                     account-closing-syariah-be                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-uat/account-closing-syariah-be                                      latest,f6a37c16,c9c39dc3,7e43d187 + 11 more...                 3 months ago
account-uat                     account-closing-syariah-omni                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-uat/account-closing-syariah-omni                                    latest,ebafdd3f,17c5a086,6c749097 + 5 more...                  3 months ago
account-uat                     account-inquiry-be                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-uat/account-inquiry-be                                              latest,eb4772c4,ec083bbb,2b8d6e8f + 16 more...                 35 hours ago
account-uat                     account-maint-konven-be                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-uat/account-maint-konven-be                                         8e9bc931,latest,3a982605,ff52269c + 50 more...                 13 days ago
account-uat                     account-maint-syariah-be                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-uat/account-maint-syariah-be                                        c16b3023,latest,11966e21,e043b5d3 + 31 more...                 3 months ago
account-uat                     account-maintenance-konven-be                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-uat/account-maintenance-konven-be                                   ba134a06,latest,1725659f,1c18dd1c + 23 more...                 3 weeks ago
account-uat                     account-maintenance-konven-omni                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-uat/account-maintenance-konven-omni                                 f76df1de,latest,d368d59d,6ea19753 + 24 more...                 3 weeks ago
account-uat                     account-maintenance-syariah-be                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-uat/account-maintenance-syariah-be                                  latest,ee4b6d8f,b006ee8f,10e6b991 + 9 more...                  3 months ago
account-uat                     account-maintenance-syariah-omni                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-uat/account-maintenance-syariah-omni                                latest,0d10d61e,e94fb42d,6b495b74 + 6 more...                  5 months ago
account-uat                     account-onboarding-omni                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-uat/account-onboarding-omni                                         a4446a5a,latest,c93c4939,61b10f33 + 47 more...                 34 hours ago
account-uat                     account-otorisasi-be                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-uat/account-otorisasi-be                                            latest,1ad9fe7a,daaca662,f17182c5 + 10 more...                 3 weeks ago
account-uat                     account-otorisasi-omni                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-uat/account-otorisasi-omni                                          latest,89da16fa,0fbb76fb,bece1e12 + 3 more...                  3 months ago
account-uat                     account-parameter-be                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-uat/account-parameter-be                                            latest,89678bda,6c2fb6f3,761d0718 + 12 more...                 2 months ago
account-uat                     account-preevent                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-uat/account-preevent                                                db5b5ad3,latest,3d556c7e,f3440916                              7 weeks ago
account-uat                     account-rdn-be                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-uat/account-rdn-be                                                  latest,f390d478,eab34d58,94b582de + 15 more...                 3 months ago
account-uat                     account-rdn-omni                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-uat/account-rdn-omni                                                latest,35513f1d,485ba863,705fb11f + 7 more...                  11 months ago
account-uat                     accountsyr-onboarding-omni                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-uat/accountsyr-onboarding-omni                                      1511b7be,latest,f87d67c9,cf75f3f6 + 19 more...                 3 months ago
account-uat                     dashboard-xgen-api                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-uat/dashboard-xgen-api                                              783ed5c8,latest,9e6972a2                                       13 months ago
account-uat                     dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                         latest                                                         14 months ago
account-uat                     nodejs-12-rhel7                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-uat/nodejs-12-rhel7                                                 latest                                                         13 months ago
account-uat                     web-dashboard-xgen                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/account-uat/web-dashboard-xgen                                              latest,8227d899                                                13 months ago
app1-sit                        dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/app1-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                            latest                                                         23 months ago
app1-sit                        inquirybalance                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/app1-sit/inquirybalance                                                     v2.72,v2.69,v2.67                                              22 months ago
app1-sit                        itg-openapi                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/app1-sit/itg-openapi                                                        latest,v10.8,v10.6,v10.5,v10.0,v8.6 + 1 more...                21 months ago
app1-sit                        itg-testing                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/app1-sit/itg-testing                                                        0.71,latest,0.49,0.38,0.35,0.34,0.33 + 4 more...               22 months ago
app1-sit                        openjdk                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/app1-sit/openjdk                                                            8-jdk-alpine,8                                                 7 months ago
app1-uat                        itg-openapi                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/app1-uat/itg-openapi                                                        latest,v4.7,v4.5,v4.2,v3.7,v3.4,v3.3,11 + 3 more...            22 months ago
argocd-project                  redis                                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/argocd-project/redis                                                        6.2.1-alpine                                                   6 months ago
banca-sit                       banca-job                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/banca-sit/banca-job                                                         532cfb22,latest,836d484c,d4ca8f84 + 4 more...                  3 months ago
banca-sit                       banca-vendors-api                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/banca-sit/banca-vendors-api                                                 latest,add3bf6b,e0e628cb,b72ac765 + 33 more...                 5 days ago
banca-sit                       dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/banca-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                           latest                                                         5 months ago
banca-uat                       banca-vendors-api                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/banca-uat/banca-vendors-api                                                 latest,7c54793a,9161c5e7,59659eb6 + 7 more...                  35 hours ago
banca-uat                       dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/banca-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                           latest                                                         5 months ago
banktrade-ppd                   banktrade-apiservices                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/banktrade-ppd/banktrade-apiservices                                         1.0.6,latest,1.0.5,1.0.4,1.0.2,1.0.1 + 1 more...               2 months ago
banktrade-ppd                   dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/banktrade-ppd/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                       latest                                                         2 months ago
banktrade-sit                   banktrade-apiservices                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/banktrade-sit/banktrade-apiservices                                         latest,a1b2fe6b,6683ea33,3f28c8b1 + 13 more...                 9 days ago
banktrade-sit                   dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/banktrade-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                       latest                                                         2 months ago
banktrade-uat                   banktrade-apiservices                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/banktrade-uat/banktrade-apiservices                                         latest,a1b2fe6b,6683ea33,e6c92624 + 10 more...                 9 days ago
banktrade-uat                   dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/banktrade-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                       latest                                                         2 months ago
bifast-api-http-ppd             bifastconnectorinc-be                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-http-ppd/bifastconnectorinc-be                                   latest,1.0.0                                                   2 days ago
bifast-api-http-ppd             dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-http-ppd/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                 latest                                                         2 days ago
bifast-api-http-sit             bifastconnectorinc-be                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-http-sit/bifastconnectorinc-be                                   latest,7fc3863c                                                2 days ago
bifast-api-http-sit             dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-http-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                 latest                                                         2 days ago
bifast-api-http-uat             bifastconnectorinc-be                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-http-uat/bifastconnectorinc-be                                   7fc3863c,latest                                                2 days ago
bifast-api-http-uat             dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-http-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                 latest                                                         2 days ago
bifast-api-ppd                  bifast-omni                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-ppd/bifast-omni                                                  latest,1.0.3,1.0.2,1.0.1,1.0.0                                 8 hours ago
bifast-api-ppd                  bifast-preevent                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-ppd/bifast-preevent                                              latest,1.0.8,1.0.7,1.0.6,1.0.5,1.0.4 + 4 more...               31 hours ago
bifast-api-ppd                  bifast-scheduler                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-ppd/bifast-scheduler                                             1.0.1,latest                                                   8 days ago
bifast-api-ppd                  bifastconnectorinc-be                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-ppd/bifastconnectorinc-be                                        1.0.6,latest,1.0.5,1.0.4,1.0.3,1.0.2                           2 days ago
bifast-api-ppd                  bifastconnectorout-be                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-ppd/bifastconnectorout-be                                        latest,1.0.5,1.0.4,1.0.3,1.0.2,1.0.1 + 1 more...               30 hours ago
bifast-api-ppd                  bifastincomingtrx-be                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-ppd/bifastincomingtrx-be                                         latest,1.0.9,1.0.8,1.0.7,1.0.6,1.0.5 + 5 more...               25 hours ago
bifast-api-ppd                  bifastoutgoingproxy-be                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-ppd/bifastoutgoingproxy-be                                       latest,1.0.11,1.0.10,1.0.9,1.0.8,1.0.7 + 6 more...             25 hours ago
bifast-api-ppd                  bifastoutgoingtrx-be                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-ppd/bifastoutgoingtrx-be                                         1.0.13.1,latest,1.0.13,1.0.12.1,1.0.12 + 11 more...            6 hours ago
bifast-api-ppd                  bifastparameter-be                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-ppd/bifastparameter-be                                           latest,1.0.11,1.0.10,1.0.9,1.0.8,1.0.4 + 4 more...             6 days ago
bifast-api-ppd                  dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-ppd/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                      latest                                                         2 weeks ago
bifast-api-sit                  bifast-omni                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-sit/bifast-omni                                                  latest,c08f08a9,bdd4fb69,5fddb7b5 + 114 more...                8 hours ago
bifast-api-sit                  bifast-preevent                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-sit/bifast-preevent                                              latest,a01294dd,ae3da8ad,0ae81a0d + 19 more...                 5 hours ago
bifast-api-sit                  bifast-scheduler                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-sit/bifast-scheduler                                             latest,583532c7,5648b78a,e910a0ff + 3 more...                  8 days ago
bifast-api-sit                  bifastconnectorinc-be                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-sit/bifastconnectorinc-be                                        461f7d4d,latest,00c3405c,37b39128 + 35 more...                 2 days ago
bifast-api-sit                  bifastconnectorout-be                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-sit/bifastconnectorout-be                                        latest,cd081136,d339aae9,dfccd4f9 + 100 more...                10 hours ago
bifast-api-sit                  bifastincomingproxy-be                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-sit/bifastincomingproxy-be                                       1eec4986,latest,87866082                                       5 months ago
bifast-api-sit                  bifastincomingproxycihub-be                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-sit/bifastincomingproxycihub-be                                  270c478c,latest,bf4fbbf2                                       5 months ago
bifast-api-sit                  bifastincomingtrx-be                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-sit/bifastincomingtrx-be                                         latest,934e30e5,2a932e55,80db7046 + 65 more...                 25 hours ago
bifast-api-sit                  bifastnotification-be                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-sit/bifastnotification-be                                        def907b8,latest,b5536f86,58abf48e + 8 more...                  4 days ago
bifast-api-sit                  bifastoutgoingproxy-be                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-sit/bifastoutgoingproxy-be                                       latest,6a286b89,adee0ea1,2ccdee77 + 176 more...                25 hours ago
bifast-api-sit                  bifastoutgoingproxycihub-be                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-sit/bifastoutgoingproxycihub-be                                  latest,a8abe735,7e04f1c7,f5a59d2a + 7 more...                  5 months ago
bifast-api-sit                  bifastoutgoingtrx-be                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-sit/bifastoutgoingtrx-be                                         latest,27f8128d,ae34d10d,d706e83a + 139 more...                6 hours ago
bifast-api-sit                  bifastparameter-be                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-sit/bifastparameter-be                                           latest,b210ecae,1be17a2b,5b6eef9b + 99 more...                 6 days ago
bifast-api-sit                  bifastrekon-be                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-sit/bifastrekon-be                                               latest,86ed4340,0791126f,b869aa0c + 1 more...                  6 weeks ago
bifast-api-sit                  bifastrekon-omni                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-sit/bifastrekon-omni                                             latest,39a2426d,f1004110,7a00ab8c + 2 more...                  6 weeks ago
bifast-api-sit                  dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                      latest                                                         5 months ago
bifast-api-uat                  bifast-omni                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-uat/bifast-omni                                                  c08f08a9,latest,bdd4fb69,5fddb7b5 + 27 more...                 9 hours ago
bifast-api-uat                  bifast-preevent                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-uat/bifast-preevent                                              latest,ae3da8ad,cf7c5304,c893ca72 + 13 more...                 31 hours ago
bifast-api-uat                  bifast-scheduler                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-uat/bifast-scheduler                                             latest,583532c7,9c4d4c44                                       8 days ago
bifast-api-uat                  bifastconnectorinc-be                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-uat/bifastconnectorinc-be                                        461f7d4d,latest,525a8d1a,7700c01d + 6 more...                  2 days ago
bifast-api-uat                  bifastconnectorout-be                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-uat/bifastconnectorout-be                                        cd081136,latest,d339aae9,1a6af1a5 + 30 more...                 9 hours ago
bifast-api-uat                  bifastincomingtrx-be                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-uat/bifastincomingtrx-be                                         934e30e5,latest,2a932e55,80db7046 + 13 more...                 25 hours ago
bifast-api-uat                  bifastnotification-be                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-uat/bifastnotification-be                                        latest,def907b8,b5536f86,58abf48e + 4 more...                  4 days ago
bifast-api-uat                  bifastoutgoingproxy-be                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-uat/bifastoutgoingproxy-be                                       latest,6a286b89,adee0ea1,2ccdee77 + 62 more...                 25 hours ago
bifast-api-uat                  bifastoutgoingtrx-be                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-uat/bifastoutgoingtrx-be                                         latest,27f8128d,859b96fb,d706e83a + 50 more...                 6 hours ago
bifast-api-uat                  bifastparameter-be                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-uat/bifastparameter-be                                           latest,5b6eef9b,abe8a512,2d8c1992 + 22 more...                 6 days ago
bifast-api-uat                  bifastrekon-be                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-uat/bifastrekon-be                                               latest,0791126f,cbf8f373                                       6 weeks ago
bifast-api-uat                  bifastrekon-omni                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-uat/bifastrekon-omni                                             latest,42887b99,0d72c62a                                       6 weeks ago
bifast-api-uat                  dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-api-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                      latest                                                         5 months ago
bifast-web-ppd                  bifast-web                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-web-ppd/bifast-web                                                   latest,1.0.16,1.0.15,1.0.14,1.0.13 + 8 more...                 5 hours ago
bifast-web-ppd                  nodejs-12-rhel7                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-web-ppd/nodejs-12-rhel7                                              latest                                                         8 days ago
bifast-web-sit                  bifast-dummy                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-web-sit/bifast-dummy                                                 latest,29b2be07                                                3 months ago
bifast-web-sit                  bifast-web                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-web-sit/bifast-web                                                   latest,786a86ca,8096bd2d,78719072 + 180 more...                33 hours ago
bifast-web-sit                  bifastrekon-web                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-web-sit/bifastrekon-web                                              latest,7fae45b7                                                5 months ago
bifast-web-sit                  nodejs-12-rhel7                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-web-sit/nodejs-12-rhel7                                              latest                                                         2 weeks ago
bifast-web-uat                  bifast-web                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-web-uat/bifast-web                                                   latest,9a2a93d5,b15feddd,a7768f3d + 66 more...                 6 hours ago
bifast-web-uat                  nodejs-12-rhel7                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/bifast-web-uat/nodejs-12-rhel7                                              latest                                                         2 weeks ago
branch-transaction-api-ppd      branch-transaction-parameter-api                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-ppd/branch-transaction-parameter-api                 latest,1.0.2,1.0.1,1.0.0,0.0.4,0.0.1                           8 days ago
branch-transaction-api-ppd      branchtrx-consumer                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-ppd/branchtrx-consumer                               1.0.3,latest,1.0.2,1.0.1,1.0.0                                 2 weeks ago
branch-transaction-api-ppd      branchtrx-omni                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-ppd/branchtrx-omni                                   latest,1.0.7,1.0.6,1.0.5,1.0.4,1.0.3 + 3 more...               31 hours ago
branch-transaction-api-ppd      cashmaintenance-be                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-ppd/cashmaintenance-be                               latest,1.0.13,1.0.12,1.0.11,1.0.9,1.0.8 + 8 more...            23 hours ago
branch-transaction-api-ppd      cashmaintenance-consumer                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-ppd/cashmaintenance-consumer                         1.0.2,latest,1.0.1,1.0.0                                       2 weeks ago
branch-transaction-api-ppd      cashmaintenance-omni                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-ppd/cashmaintenance-omni                             latest,1.0.2,1.0.1,1.0.0                                       7 days ago
branch-transaction-api-ppd      customeridentification-api                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-ppd/customeridentification-api                       latest,1.0.4,1.0.3,1.0.2,1.0.1                                 2 weeks ago
branch-transaction-api-ppd      customeridentification-omni                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-ppd/customeridentification-omni                      latest,1.0.1,1.0.0                                             2 weeks ago
branch-transaction-api-ppd      dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-ppd/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                          latest                                                         4 weeks ago
branch-transaction-api-ppd      ede-gateway                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-ppd/ede-gateway                                      1.0.3,latest,1.0.2,1.0.1,1.0.0,0.0.5 + 4 more...               4 weeks ago
branch-transaction-api-ppd      limit25k-checker                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-ppd/limit25k-checker                                 latest,1.0.4,1.0.3                                             2 weeks ago
branch-transaction-api-ppd      limitteller-checker                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-ppd/limitteller-checker                              1.0.2,latest,1.0.0                                             2 weeks ago
branch-transaction-api-ppd      miscellaneous-api                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-ppd/miscellaneous-api                                latest,1.0.7.7,1.0.7.6,1.0.7.5,1.0.7.4 + 9 more...             2 weeks ago
branch-transaction-api-ppd      miscellaneous-omni                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-ppd/miscellaneous-omni                               1.0.3,latest,1.0.2,1.0.1,1.0.0,0.0.2 + 1 more...               11 days ago
branch-transaction-api-ppd      slipgenerator-consumer                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-ppd/slipgenerator-consumer                           latest,1.0.4,1.0.3,1.0.2,1.0.1,1.0.0                           2 weeks ago
branch-transaction-api-ppd      trxoverride-be                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-ppd/trxoverride-be                                   latest,0.0.1                                                   4 months ago
branch-transaction-api-ppd      trxoverride-omni                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-ppd/trxoverride-omni                                 latest,1.0.0,0.0.1                                             7 days ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      branch-transaction-customeridentification-omni        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/branch-transaction-customeridentification-omni   latest,9f22bd21,5b6fe3ed,72c74d17 + 6 more...                  8 months ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      branch-transaction-limit25k-checker                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/branch-transaction-limit25k-checker              latest,add1d6e9                                                8 months ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      branch-transaction-limitteller-checker                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/branch-transaction-limitteller-checker           latest,a0065f2e,55ff7c8f                                       8 months ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      branch-transaction-parameter-api                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/branch-transaction-parameter-api                 latest,8e8fe180,bab224b1,4bc1b49e + 36 more...                 8 days ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      branch-transaction-suspectnotes-omni                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/branch-transaction-suspectnotes-omni             latest,a04c0785,8d531d50,e7966516 + 3 more...                  8 months ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      branchtransaction-preevent                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/branchtransaction-preevent                       6c49d870,latest,da3b774c,e34c633b + 10 more...                 33 hours ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      branchtrx-consumer                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/branchtrx-consumer                               latest,7a0f82b3,c7597ad2,f9b90664 + 11 more...                 27 hours ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      branchtrx-omni                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/branchtrx-omni                                   44770574,latest,9a70e17c,e70674b4 + 79 more...                 8 hours ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      cashdeposit-omni                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/cashdeposit-omni                                 854b7812,latest,67fca25e,159b2932 + 6 more...                  9 months ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      cashmaintenance-be                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/cashmaintenance-be                               287987a8,latest,3a8b7a90,48a4d175 + 183 more...                24 hours ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      cashmaintenance-consumer                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/cashmaintenance-consumer                         e20304d6,latest,9b8c0c09,8501d7fe + 16 more...                 2 weeks ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      cashmaintenance-omni                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/cashmaintenance-omni                             028dd026,latest,b4a405da,02c50b42 + 36 more...                 7 days ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      customeridentification-api                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/customeridentification-api                       22fc2cca,latest,35f2f3a4,7f373b85 + 209 more...                11 hours ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      customeridentification-omni                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/customeridentification-omni                      latest,4b53a0ea,77e14b91,76b3ce36 + 66 more...                 3 weeks ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      depositwithdrawal-be                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/depositwithdrawal-be                             latest,bd1ec478,5c79415a,f69526af + 79 more...                 4 weeks ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      depositwithdrawal-consumer                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/depositwithdrawal-consumer                       latest,24e469f6,2c59fdbd                                       5 months ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      depositwithdrawal-omni                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/depositwithdrawal-omni                           latest,97461d5d,73b7b266,4abe1054 + 27 more...                 4 weeks ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                          latest                                                         12 months ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      ede-gateway                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/ede-gateway                                      latest,dbb048de,40eaf5bf,03769aee + 24 more...                 13 days ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      ede-gateway-cdc                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/ede-gateway-cdc                                  latest,84097e7f                                                4 months ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      limit25k-checker                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/limit25k-checker                                 latest,736d0b10                                                8 months ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      limitteller-checker                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/limitteller-checker                              54bdac14,latest                                                8 months ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      miscellaneous-api                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/miscellaneous-api                                db78f23c,latest,b0daa325,faac803b + 140 more...                2 weeks ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      miscellaneous-consumer                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/miscellaneous-consumer                           dc7b7435,latest                                                4 months ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      miscellaneous-omni                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/miscellaneous-omni                               2b0042df,latest,711e4c40,f0e45275 + 53 more...                 3 months ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      on-dotnet-21-runtime                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/on-dotnet-21-runtime                             9.0                                                            8 months ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      overbooking-be                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/overbooking-be                                   86499ea0,latest,013bc668,6eaf5569 + 18 more...                 5 months ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      overbooking-consumer                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/overbooking-consumer                             latest,0b456708,ce108573,479fd753                              5 months ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      overbooking-omni                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/overbooking-omni                                 b6acf9bd,latest,790d1ffe                                       6 months ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      remittance-omni                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/remittance-omni                                  latest,2af59fda,4186979f,4460f339 + 18 more...                 3 months ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      slipgenerator-consumer                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/slipgenerator-consumer                           5114e3d6,latest,7397ec5c,6c2eb53c + 2 more...                  2 months ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      suspect-notes-api                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/suspect-notes-api                                latest,dcacd9aa,705f3f8f,b17c7e9c + 57 more...                 7 months ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      suspectnotes-omni                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/suspectnotes-omni                                latest,11899a8d,be0281fa,1c3f1c79 + 20 more...                 7 months ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      trxoverride-be                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/trxoverride-be                                   latest,02fdc0a9,f91c4542,5182b2c9 + 4 more...                  5 months ago
branch-transaction-api-sit      trxoverride-omni                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-sit/trxoverride-omni                                 latest,3fb6bd17,40dc1880,b01a081a + 6 more...                  7 days ago
branch-transaction-api-uat      branch-transaction-limit25k-checker                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-uat/branch-transaction-limit25k-checker              latest,add1d6e9                                                8 months ago
branch-transaction-api-uat      branch-transaction-limitteller-checker                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-uat/branch-transaction-limitteller-checker           59ad290e,latest                                                8 months ago
branch-transaction-api-uat      branch-transaction-parameter-api                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-uat/branch-transaction-parameter-api                 latest,44dcb78d,e38a5de9,0968cddf + 20 more...                 8 days ago
branch-transaction-api-uat      branchtrx-consumer                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-uat/branchtrx-consumer                               7a0f82b3,latest,f9b90664,2b52dbd5 + 5 more...                  27 hours ago
branch-transaction-api-uat      branchtrx-omni                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-uat/branchtrx-omni                                   latest,9a70e17c,2c3c657b,932bf72a + 13 more...                 31 hours ago
branch-transaction-api-uat      cashmaintenance-be                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-uat/cashmaintenance-be                               latest,287987a8,3a8b7a90,a00ad91e + 42 more...                 23 hours ago
branch-transaction-api-uat      cashmaintenance-consumer                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-uat/cashmaintenance-consumer                         latest,e20304d6,8a41c629,51768bdc                              2 weeks ago
branch-transaction-api-uat      cashmaintenance-omni                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-uat/cashmaintenance-omni                             2da25069,latest,f6f421bb,89e55c63 + 7 more...                  7 days ago
branch-transaction-api-uat      customeridentification-api                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-uat/customeridentification-api                       75edec0f,latest,642921f9,584dd409 + 40 more...                 2 weeks ago
branch-transaction-api-uat      customeridentification-omni                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-uat/customeridentification-omni                      latest,a73d1310,5ca21427,8d565c42 + 10 more...                 3 weeks ago
branch-transaction-api-uat      depositwithdrawal-be                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-uat/depositwithdrawal-be                             1d7d661c,latest,a687a7d5,c1f9fb55                              7 weeks ago
branch-transaction-api-uat      dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                          latest                                                         12 months ago
branch-transaction-api-uat      ede-gateway                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-uat/ede-gateway                                      latest,50f8e34f,6aff6e2e,ef3ece3b + 12 more...                 12 days ago
branch-transaction-api-uat      limit25k-checker                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-uat/limit25k-checker                                 latest,c63c51e0,55e48314,603e00fe + 13 more...                 3 weeks ago
branch-transaction-api-uat      limitteller-checker                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-uat/limitteller-checker                              fff19ae6,latest,fc429c2e,5ec1891d + 10 more...                 3 weeks ago
branch-transaction-api-uat      miscellaneous-api                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-uat/miscellaneous-api                                178b60a1,latest,fe34b915,1ae82a9a + 32 more...                 2 weeks ago
branch-transaction-api-uat      miscellaneous-omni                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-uat/miscellaneous-omni                               latest,a6eaf836,3f06e8e7,60b9028e + 16 more...                 2 weeks ago
branch-transaction-api-uat      on-dotnet-21-runtime                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-uat/on-dotnet-21-runtime                             9.0                                                            8 months ago
branch-transaction-api-uat      slipgenerator-consumer                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-uat/slipgenerator-consumer                           9e1a4b09,latest,a4c83f61,81c433d8 + 3 more...                  3 weeks ago
branch-transaction-api-uat      suspect-notes-api                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-uat/suspect-notes-api                                latest,8021e942,7abcfe5b,ddede432 + 23 more...                 7 months ago
branch-transaction-api-uat      suspectnotes-omni                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-uat/suspectnotes-omni                                latest,69a4e69f,1c3f1c79,8f949ad7 + 3 more...                  7 months ago
branch-transaction-api-uat      trxoverride-be                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-uat/trxoverride-be                                   latest,5182b2c9,fef5d220,4595ca7e                              5 months ago
branch-transaction-api-uat      trxoverride-omni                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-api-uat/trxoverride-omni                                 latest,3fb6bd17,ac3ee532,06efc90c + 1 more...                  7 days ago
branch-transaction-web-ppd      branchtrx-web                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-web-ppd/branchtrx-web                                    1.0.3,latest,1.0.2,1.0.1,1.0.0                                 29 hours ago
branch-transaction-web-ppd      cashmaintenance-web                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-web-ppd/cashmaintenance-web                              1.1.1,latest,1.1.0,1.0.0                                       8 days ago
branch-transaction-web-ppd      customer-identification-web                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-web-ppd/customer-identification-web                      latest,1.0.1,1.0.0                                             8 hours ago
branch-transaction-web-ppd      miscellaneous                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-web-ppd/miscellaneous                                    latest,1.6.1,1.6.0,1.5.9,1.5.8,1.5.7 + 24 more...              13 days ago
branch-transaction-web-ppd      nodejs-12-rhel7                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-web-ppd/nodejs-12-rhel7                                  latest                                                         2 weeks ago
branch-transaction-web-ppd      slipgenerator-web                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-web-ppd/slipgenerator-web                                latest,1.0.0                                                   13 days ago
branch-transaction-web-ppd      trxoverride-web                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-web-ppd/trxoverride-web                                  1.0.2,latest,1.0.1,1.0.0                                       12 days ago
branch-transaction-web-sit      branchtrx-web                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-web-sit/branchtrx-web                                    latest,36d378cf,c2cfd5a4,4232aec4 + 100 more...                10 hours ago
branch-transaction-web-sit      cashdeposit                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-web-sit/cashdeposit                                      latest,551afa27,d748538f,e294f004 + 20 more...                 5 months ago
branch-transaction-web-sit      cashmaintenance-web                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-web-sit/cashmaintenance-web                              latest,00e9c03f,1ffe73b6,7ba99804 + 80 more...                 8 days ago
branch-transaction-web-sit      customer-identification-web                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-web-sit/customer-identification-web                      latest,cc64cba2,3ea0bbf8,678799e5 + 118 more...                6 days ago
branch-transaction-web-sit      depositwithdrawal-web                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-web-sit/depositwithdrawal-web                            d4d0f73c,latest,b4d3fe93,8c4d71c5 + 86 more...                 8 days ago
branch-transaction-web-sit      dummy-web                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-web-sit/dummy-web                                        latest,5b9e915e,a6ca8702,4578df19 + 55 more...                 3 weeks ago
branch-transaction-web-sit      miscellaneous                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-web-sit/miscellaneous                                    ae4d7052,latest,7f386f97,0897f015 + 136 more...                13 days ago
branch-transaction-web-sit      nodejs-12-rhel7                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-web-sit/nodejs-12-rhel7                                  latest                                                         2 weeks ago
branch-transaction-web-sit      remittance-web                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-web-sit/remittance-web                                   941b0440,latest,3ab5298f,3fc2dde4 + 11 more...                 3 months ago
branch-transaction-web-sit      slipgenerator-web                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-web-sit/slipgenerator-web                                latest,1e970854,3fbc1757,ec0c0d72 + 6 more...                  6 weeks ago
branch-transaction-web-sit      trxoverride-web                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-web-sit/trxoverride-web                                  ddfc9161,latest,b7b39f86,e992a4d3 + 9 more...                  12 days ago
branch-transaction-web-uat      branchtrx-web                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-web-uat/branchtrx-web                                    latest,c2cfd5a4,4232aec4,dd79bd5b + 10 more...                 29 hours ago
branch-transaction-web-uat      cashmaintenance-web                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-web-uat/cashmaintenance-web                              latest,00e9c03f,1ffe73b6,8b79c1b7 + 34 more...                 8 days ago
branch-transaction-web-uat      customer-identification-web                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-web-uat/customer-identification-web                      6fbb124b,latest,d178f89e,26e93e92 + 5 more...                  3 hours ago
branch-transaction-web-uat      depositwithdrawal-web                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-web-uat/depositwithdrawal-web                            073cd672,latest,5b6e6045,d6425cd7 + 1 more...                  2 months ago
branch-transaction-web-uat      miscellaneous                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-web-uat/miscellaneous                                    latest,ae4d7052,0897f015,b6863352 + 63 more...                 13 days ago
branch-transaction-web-uat      nodejs-12-rhel7                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-web-uat/nodejs-12-rhel7                                  latest                                                         2 weeks ago
branch-transaction-web-uat      slipgenerator-web                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-web-uat/slipgenerator-web                                33cd1483,latest,1e970854,3fbc1757 + 1 more...                  13 days ago
branch-transaction-web-uat      trxoverride-web                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/branch-transaction-web-uat/trxoverride-web                                  ddfc9161,latest,b7b39f86,e992a4d3 + 1 more...                  12 days ago
call-center-apis-uat            callcenter-cdc-api                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/call-center-apis-uat/callcenter-cdc-api                                     latest,cab85d6d                                                5 hours ago
call-center-apis-uat            dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/call-center-apis-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                latest                                                         5 hours ago
cashmanagement-ppd              cashmanagement-transaction-api                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cashmanagement-ppd/cashmanagement-transaction-api                           1.1.2,latest,1.0.2                                             6 months ago
cashmanagement-ppd              dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cashmanagement-ppd/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                  latest                                                         6 months ago
cashmanagement-sit              cashmanagement-transaction-api                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cashmanagement-sit/cashmanagement-transaction-api                           latest,264c28be,93d6c117,961a136f + 10 more...                 7 months ago
cashmanagement-sit              dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cashmanagement-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                  latest                                                         9 months ago
cashmanagement-uat              cashmanagement-transaction-api                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cashmanagement-uat/cashmanagement-transaction-api                           latest,264c28be,93d6c117,009f12da + 6 more...                  7 months ago
cashmanagement-uat              dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cashmanagement-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                  latest                                                         9 months ago
centralpayment-ppd              dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/centralpayment-ppd/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                  latest                                                         4 months ago
centralpayment-ppd              swift-mt9xx-be                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/centralpayment-ppd/swift-mt9xx-be                                           1.0.1,latest,1.0.0                                             4 months ago
centralpayment-sit              dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/centralpayment-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                  latest                                                         8 months ago
centralpayment-sit              swift-gpi-be                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/centralpayment-sit/swift-gpi-be                                             052e367d,latest,6826289f,cfd5ab20 + 12 more...                 12 days ago
centralpayment-sit              swift-interfaces-out-be                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/centralpayment-sit/swift-interfaces-out-be                                  latest,510fab53,ff6f9423,f03c229f + 31 more...                 3 months ago
centralpayment-sit              swift-mt1xx-be                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/centralpayment-sit/swift-mt1xx-be                                           70438091,latest,cf4edfc2,7377cbcf + 2 more...                  5 months ago
centralpayment-sit              swift-mt9xx-be                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/centralpayment-sit/swift-mt9xx-be                                           latest,8e5f58b9,0f05d051,f7b32727 + 20 more...                 4 months ago
centralpayment-uat              dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/centralpayment-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                  latest                                                         8 months ago
centralpayment-uat              swift-gpi-be                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/centralpayment-uat/swift-gpi-be                                             052e367d,latest,6826289f,cfd5ab20 + 2 more...                  12 days ago
centralpayment-uat              swift-interfaces-out-be                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/centralpayment-uat/swift-interfaces-out-be                                  latest,f7b560ac,a61be061                                       3 months ago
centralpayment-uat              swift-mt1xx-be                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/centralpayment-uat/swift-mt1xx-be                                           latest,7377cbcf,6050f469,6ba3d1d0                              5 months ago
centralpayment-uat              swift-mt9xx-be                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/centralpayment-uat/swift-mt9xx-be                                           8e5f58b9,latest,0f05d051,f7b32727 + 9 more...                  4 months ago
cif-ppd                         cif-approval-api                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-ppd/cif-approval-api                                                    1.0.1,latest,1.0.0,0.0.5,0.0.4,0.0.3 + 2 more...               8 months ago
cif-ppd                         cif-inquirymaintenance-api                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-ppd/cif-inquirymaintenance-api                                          2.6.3,latest,2.6.2,2.6.1,2.6.0,2.5.2 + 24 more...              3 weeks ago
cif-ppd                         cif-kyc-api                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-ppd/cif-kyc-api                                                         1.2.3,latest,1.2.2,1.2.1,1.2.0,1.1.5 + 9 more...               5 weeks ago
cif-ppd                         cif-omni-approval                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-ppd/cif-omni-approval                                                   latest,1.2.7,1.2.6,1.2.5,1.2.4,1.2.3 + 8 more...               7 weeks ago
cif-ppd                         cif-omni-maintenancedata                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-ppd/cif-omni-maintenancedata                                            latest,2.3.4,2.3.2,2.3.1,2.3.0,2.2.1 + 10 more...              3 weeks ago
cif-ppd                         cif-omni-onboarding                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-ppd/cif-omni-onboarding                                                 1.6.1,latest,1.6.0,1.5.2,1.5.1,1.5.0 + 15 more...              7 weeks ago
cif-ppd                         cif-orchestration-api                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-ppd/cif-orchestration-api                                               1.1.4,latest,1.1.3,1.1.2,1.1.1,1.1.0 + 8 more...               7 weeks ago
cif-ppd                         cif-parameter-api                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-ppd/cif-parameter-api                                                   latest,1.5.1,1.5.0,1.4.0,1.3.0,1.2.3 + 5 more...               2 weeks ago
cif-ppd                         cif-product-api                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-ppd/cif-product-api                                                     1.2.0,latest,1.1.0,1.0.0,0.0.3,0.0.2 + 1 more...               4 months ago
cif-ppd                         cif-proposisi-api                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-ppd/cif-proposisi-api                                                   latest,1.1.2,1.1.1,1.1.0,1.0.0,0.0.3 + 2 more...               4 months ago
cif-ppd                         cif-scandocument-api                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-ppd/cif-scandocument-api                                                latest,1.2.0,1.1.1,1.0.0,0.0.4,0.0.3 + 2 more...               2 months ago
cif-ppd                         cif-search-api                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-ppd/cif-search-api                                                      2.2.6,latest,2.2.5,2.2.4,2.2.3,2.2.2 + 13 more...              8 days ago
cif-ppd                         dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-ppd/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                             latest                                                         3 months ago
cif-ppd                         testing                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-ppd/testing                                                             latest,2.0.0,1.1.0,1.0.1,1.0.0 + 3 more...                     14 months ago
cif-ppd                         training-ocp                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-ppd/training-ocp                                                        1.0.0,latest                                                   11 months ago
cif-sit                         cif-approval-api                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-sit/cif-approval-api                                                    latest,6e27ae69,86aeb0d2,0443c448 + 32 more...                 8 months ago
cif-sit                         cif-inquirymaintenance-api                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-sit/cif-inquirymaintenance-api                                          latest,441679da,37db2470,b211a201 + 248 more...                33 hours ago
cif-sit                         cif-kyc-api                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-sit/cif-kyc-api                                                         latest,ad87d9ee,9a1a6d6d,b4c15eb2 + 31 more...                 5 weeks ago
cif-sit                         cif-omni-approval                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-sit/cif-omni-approval                                                   latest,0ae7f665,55a8127f,27e274fc + 39 more...                 8 weeks ago
cif-sit                         cif-omni-maintenancedata                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-sit/cif-omni-maintenancedata                                            latest,17d84a14,7bc4fdfe,d68fc9fd + 133 more...                5 days ago
cif-sit                         cif-omni-onboarding                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-sit/cif-omni-onboarding                                                 latest,7f537f81,5e496fe7,00ea72b1 + 193 more...                4 hours ago
cif-sit                         cif-orchestration-api                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-sit/cif-orchestration-api                                               latest,ace1ba96,df1698fc,d098b5f8 + 77 more...                 13 days ago
cif-sit                         cif-parameter-api                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-sit/cif-parameter-api                                                   d63c5a0b,latest,8686bb3a,32b0141f + 26 more...                 2 weeks ago
cif-sit                         cif-product-api                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-sit/cif-product-api                                                     4746741f,latest,723c135b,0ebe0f6d + 38 more...                 9 months ago
cif-sit                         cif-proposisi-api                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-sit/cif-proposisi-api                                                   latest,c6a2d06e,fce2274e,4eec412e + 19 more...                 2 months ago
cif-sit                         cif-riskprofile-api                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-sit/cif-riskprofile-api                                                 latest,9f76d903,a303432d,d7eb59ec + 5 more...                  2 days ago
cif-sit                         cif-scandocument-api                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-sit/cif-scandocument-api                                                7f92958b,latest,eebcc709,4c14d7df + 42 more...                 2 weeks ago
cif-sit                         cif-search-api                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-sit/cif-search-api                                                      c47735ef,latest,84d0af6e,2079e53d + 53 more...                 8 days ago
cif-sit                         coba                                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-sit/coba                                                                latest,6acc932a,99557904,06a97af8 + 3 more...                  15 months ago
cif-sit                         config-server                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-sit/config-server                                                       0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                                 23 months ago
cif-sit                         datapribadi                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-sit/datapribadi                                                         97cba206,latest,87cfea83,b179ce93 + 108 more...                15 months ago
cif-sit                         dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                             latest                                                         19 months ago
cif-sit                         dotnet-22-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-sit/dotnet-22-runtime-rhel7                                             latest                                                         19 months ago
cif-sit                         dotnet-31-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-sit/dotnet-31-runtime-rhel7                                             latest                                                         19 months ago
cif-sit                         testing                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-sit/testing                                                             720a3d50,latest,f61ce4a2,a9d7e849 + 17 more...                 12 months ago
cif-sit                         training-ocp                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-sit/training-ocp                                                        latest,deb7b76c                                                11 months ago
cif-uat                         cif-approval-api                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-uat/cif-approval-api                                                    latest,131acd65,89ed35e4,c5e0cd13 + 5 more...                  8 months ago
cif-uat                         cif-inquirymaintenance-api                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-uat/cif-inquirymaintenance-api                                          9f4cf269,latest,98a402a4,c45d7e86 + 85 more...                 33 hours ago
cif-uat                         cif-kyc-api                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-uat/cif-kyc-api                                                         latest,ad87d9ee,9a1a6d6d,b4c15eb2 + 15 more...                 5 weeks ago
cif-uat                         cif-omni-approval                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-uat/cif-omni-approval                                                   latest,0ae7f665,55a8127f,27e274fc + 12 more...                 8 weeks ago
cif-uat                         cif-omni-maintenancedata                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-uat/cif-omni-maintenancedata                                            35560344,latest,0855454b,8859d507 + 34 more...                 6 days ago
cif-uat                         cif-omni-onboarding                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-uat/cif-omni-onboarding                                                 latest,17aa8596,9a39a5fa,5431fc6e + 63 more...                 6 days ago
cif-uat                         cif-orchestration-api                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-uat/cif-orchestration-api                                               latest,95eab078,335a402b,a4336890 + 26 more...                 2 weeks ago
cif-uat                         cif-parameter-api                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-uat/cif-parameter-api                                                   latest,8686bb3a,32b0141f,4a404cc3 + 9 more...                  2 weeks ago
cif-uat                         cif-product-api                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-uat/cif-product-api                                                     4746741f,latest,723c135b,61ab884d + 6 more...                  9 months ago
cif-uat                         cif-proposisi-api                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-uat/cif-proposisi-api                                                   fce2274e,latest,4eec412e,6ccb8a8f + 6 more...                  4 months ago
cif-uat                         cif-riskprofile-api                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-uat/cif-riskprofile-api                                                 25458652,latest,b348a0c5,5d34b987 + 1 more...                  2 days ago
cif-uat                         cif-scandocument-api                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-uat/cif-scandocument-api                                                latest,eebcc709,7d9663de,4fff0c00 + 7 more...                  3 months ago
cif-uat                         cif-search-api                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-uat/cif-search-api                                                      ad61ffe3,latest,dacc0671,2079e53d + 26 more...                 8 days ago
cif-uat                         coba                                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-uat/coba                                                                2.2020.0921.9,latest,2.2020.0921.8                             15 months ago
cif-uat                         config-server                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-uat/config-server                                                       0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                                 22 months ago
cif-uat                         datapribadi                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-uat/datapribadi                                                         latest,9.0,8.9,8.8,8.7,8.6,8.4,8.3,8.2 + 64 more...            19 months ago
cif-uat                         dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                             latest                                                         14 months ago
cif-uat                         inquirybalance                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-uat/inquirybalance                                                      v2.63,v2.62,v2.61,v2.60                                        22 months ago
cif-uat                         openjdk                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-uat/openjdk                                                             8                                                              22 months ago
cif-uat                         redis-5-rhel7                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-uat/redis-5-rhel7                                                       latest                                                         22 months ago
cif-uat                         secret-test                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-uat/secret-test                                                         latest                                                         14 months ago
cif-uat                         serverjre                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-uat/serverjre                                                           8                                                              22 months ago
cif-uat                         testing                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-uat/testing                                                             5cd9ae89,latest,a1849d65,39e773de + 5 more...                  13 months ago
cif-uat                         user-service                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-uat/user-service                                                        0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                                 22 months ago
cif-web-ppd                     approval                                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-web-ppd/approval                                                        2.2.9,latest,2.2.8,2.2.6,2.2.5,2.2.4 + 27 more...              2 weeks ago
cif-web-ppd                     maintenance                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-web-ppd/maintenance                                                     2.3.3,latest,2.3.2,2.3.1,2.3.0,2.2.5 + 32 more...              2 weeks ago
cif-web-ppd                     nodejs-12-rhel7                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-web-ppd/nodejs-12-rhel7                                                 latest                                                         3 hours ago
cif-web-ppd                     onboarding                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-web-ppd/onboarding                                                      latest,1.19.0,1.18.0,1.17.2,1.17.1 + 45 more...                3 hours ago
cif-web-sit                     approval                                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-web-sit/approval                                                        ba6068cc,latest,6d2373ed,89d9ecfc + 62 more...                 2 weeks ago
cif-web-sit                     maintenance                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-web-sit/maintenance                                                     latest,dd61895b,3c790430,4c502646 + 490 more...                3 hours ago
cif-web-sit                     maintenance-staging                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-web-sit/maintenance-staging                                             latest,271bc013,610da19b,eba8e5cb + 34 more...                 8 months ago
cif-web-sit                     nodejs-12-rhel7                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-web-sit/nodejs-12-rhel7                                                 latest                                                         2 weeks ago
cif-web-sit                     onboarding                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-web-sit/onboarding                                                      latest,abf39f90,d0049cc1,b5113870 + 212 more...                4 hours ago
cif-web-sit                     onboarding-dukcapil                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-web-sit/onboarding-dukcapil                                             latest,0a3a8a6a,e4dd8993                                       10 months ago
cif-web-sit                     onboarding-interview                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-web-sit/onboarding-interview                                            691a599b,latest,e34bb45b,1f73d77d + 2 more...                  10 months ago
cif-web-uat                     approval                                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-web-uat/approval                                                        latest,ba6068cc,6d2373ed,e17aa822 + 36 more...                 2 weeks ago
cif-web-uat                     maintenance                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-web-uat/maintenance                                                     latest,b1a97df0,019faed3,9f76c910 + 108 more...                33 hours ago
cif-web-uat                     nodejs-12-rhel7                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-web-uat/nodejs-12-rhel7                                                 latest                                                         2 weeks ago
cif-web-uat                     onboarding                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cif-web-uat/onboarding                                                      f3600330,latest,ae826cb0,411e66f6 + 109 more...                6 days ago
cifmgtapp-sit                   maintenancecifrac                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cifmgtapp-sit/maintenancecifrac                                             latest,2eb41aff2cb15f573cfaade48547de66e660f387 + 28 more...   10 months ago
cifmgtapp-sit                   openjdk                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/cifmgtapp-sit/openjdk                                                       8                                                              11 months ago
common-sit                      config-server                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/common-sit/config-server                                                    0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest,1.0                                      4 months ago
common-sit                      serverjre                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/common-sit/serverjre                                                        8                                                              5 months ago
compliance-sit                  compliance-kajiankredit-be                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/compliance-sit/compliance-kajiankredit-be                                   latest,c2ab38fc,a369c772                                       9 months ago
compliance-sit                  dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/compliance-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                      latest                                                         9 months ago
compliance-uat                  compliance-kajiankredit-be                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/compliance-uat/compliance-kajiankredit-be                                   latest,a369c772                                                9 months ago
compliance-uat                  dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/compliance-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                      latest                                                         9 months ago
conjur-np                       cityapp                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/conjur-np/cityapp                                                           latest                                                         10 months ago
conjur-np                       conjur-appliance                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/conjur-np/conjur-appliance                                                  12.0.0                                                         10 months ago
conjur-np                       conjur-kubernetes-authenticator                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/conjur-np/conjur-kubernetes-authenticator                                   latest                                                         10 months ago
conjur-np                       dap-seedfetcher                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/conjur-np/dap-seedfetcher                                                   latest                                                         10 months ago
conjur-np                       secretless-broker                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/conjur-np/secretless-broker                                                 latest                                                         10 months ago
conjur-np                       secrets-provider-for-k8s                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/conjur-np/secrets-provider-for-k8s                                          latest                                                         10 months ago
conjur-poc                      cityapp                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/conjur-poc/cityapp                                                          1.0                                                            18 months ago
conjur-poc                      conjur-appliance                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/conjur-poc/conjur-appliance                                                 11.3.0                                                         18 months ago
conjur-poc                      conjur-kubernetes-authenticator                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/conjur-poc/conjur-kubernetes-authenticator                                  latest                                                         18 months ago
conjur-poc                      dap-seedfetcher                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/conjur-poc/dap-seedfetcher                                                  latest                                                         17 months ago
conjur-poc                      secretless-broker                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/conjur-poc/secretless-broker                                                latest                                                         18 months ago
csp-ppd                         csp-delete-api                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-ppd/csp-delete-api                                                      1.0.4,latest,1.0.2,1.0.1,1.0.0                                 5 weeks ago
csp-ppd                         csp-download-api                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-ppd/csp-download-api                                                    1.0.3,latest,1.0.1,1.0.0                                       6 weeks ago
csp-ppd                         csp-downloadb64-api                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-ppd/csp-downloadb64-api                                                 latest,1.0.4,1.0.3,1.0.1,1.0.0                                 6 weeks ago
csp-ppd                         csp-movetier-api                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-ppd/csp-movetier-api                                                    1.0.3,latest,1.0.2,1.0.1,1.0.0                                 6 weeks ago
csp-ppd                         csp-multiupload-api                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-ppd/csp-multiupload-api                                                 1.0.4,latest,1.0.3,1.0.2                                       6 weeks ago
csp-ppd                         csp-upload-api                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-ppd/csp-upload-api                                                      1.0.4,latest,1.0.1,1.0.0                                       6 weeks ago
csp-ppd                         csp-uploadb64-api                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-ppd/csp-uploadb64-api                                                   1.0.2,latest,1.0.1,1.0.0                                       6 weeks ago
csp-ppd                         dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-ppd/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                             latest                                                         6 weeks ago
csp-sit                         conjur-kubernetes-authenticator                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-sit/conjur-kubernetes-authenticator                                     latest                                                         5 months ago
csp-sit                         csp-api                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-sit/csp-api                                                             latest,89ad4446,40e142db,8e70f68f + 32 more...                 7 months ago
csp-sit                         csp-delete-api                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-sit/csp-delete-api                                                      3d8c05b0,latest,1fc08ef6,a4aecb1b + 25 more...                 3 weeks ago
csp-sit                         csp-download-api                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-sit/csp-download-api                                                    66a06073,latest,4a0742a1,a35856f4 + 26 more...                 3 weeks ago
csp-sit                         csp-downloadb64-api                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-sit/csp-downloadb64-api                                                 latest,5c8a847b,fed5607d,da27d600 + 23 more...                 3 weeks ago
csp-sit                         csp-movetier-api                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-sit/csp-movetier-api                                                    latest,560127a1,55a31722,9391cfdc + 20 more...                 3 weeks ago
csp-sit                         csp-multiupload-api                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-sit/csp-multiupload-api                                                 e70cd513,latest,0a59a176,2e40e59a + 4 more...                  3 weeks ago
csp-sit                         csp-upload-api                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-sit/csp-upload-api                                                      latest,7cc70713,1eb721d8,0838aa9c + 104 more...                9 days ago
csp-sit                         csp-uploadb64-api                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-sit/csp-uploadb64-api                                                   latest,294c87e7,341d1a27,9cc7f5e4 + 26 more...                 9 days ago
csp-sit                         csp-uploadmongo-api                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-sit/csp-uploadmongo-api                                                 42fb2c18,latest,c7a6ad20,6adb368e + 7 more...                  4 months ago
csp-sit                         csp-uploadsecret-api                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-sit/csp-uploadsecret-api                                                df3192cc,latest,b6c87ab0,b4902436 + 33 more...                 4 months ago
csp-sit                         csp-view-api                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-sit/csp-view-api                                                        latest,6313bd9d,04750841,cf2a9a5a + 8 more...                  6 days ago
csp-sit                         dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                             latest                                                         9 months ago
csp-uat                         conjur-kubernetes-authenticator                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-uat/conjur-kubernetes-authenticator                                     latest                                                         3 months ago
csp-uat                         csp-delete-api                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-uat/csp-delete-api                                                      latest,47673fdb,2529747c,c0798110 + 10 more...                 5 weeks ago
csp-uat                         csp-download-api                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-uat/csp-download-api                                                    latest,69f38eca,c851cb0b,19766b41 + 7 more...                  7 days ago
csp-uat                         csp-downloadb64-api                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-uat/csp-downloadb64-api                                                 latest,7aca90a3,f79ae83e,b44bc8cc + 10 more...                 7 days ago
csp-uat                         csp-movetier-api                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-uat/csp-movetier-api                                                    9391cfdc,latest,a8cf68cf,9c539e05 + 9 more...                  5 weeks ago
csp-uat                         csp-multiupload-api                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-uat/csp-multiupload-api                                                 latest,2e40e59a,00bd7555,208df150 + 2 more...                  6 weeks ago
csp-uat                         csp-upload-api                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-uat/csp-upload-api                                                      02cdb360,latest,3d6c1ded,4a19a625 + 18 more...                 9 days ago
csp-uat                         csp-uploadb64-api                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-uat/csp-uploadb64-api                                                   latest,0b2ede38,9cc7f5e4,87373c94 + 12 more...                 9 days ago
csp-uat                         dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/csp-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                             latest                                                         6 months ago
custodian-sit                   custody-omni                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/custodian-sit/custody-omni                                                  latest,5e59d00c,bffd00f3,93b5bf83 + 19 more...                 4 weeks ago
custodian-sit                   dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/custodian-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                       latest                                                         2 months ago
custodian-sit                   employee-be                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/custodian-sit/employee-be                                                   b92bccaa,latest,ef2cde08,cfba203c                              2 months ago
custodian-uat                   custody-omni                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/custodian-uat/custody-omni                                                  latest,8343b4d3,245e3e4e,444fe96c + 2 more...                  4 weeks ago
custodian-uat                   dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/custodian-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                       latest                                                         2 months ago
custodian-uat                   employee-be                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/custodian-uat/employee-be                                                   b92bccaa,latest,ef2cde08,cfba203c                              2 months ago
debit-system-ppd                debitcard-api                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debit-system-ppd/debitcard-api                                              1.0.0.2,latest,1.0.0.1,1.0.0.0                                 5 months ago
debit-system-ppd                dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debit-system-ppd/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                    latest                                                         5 months ago
debit-system-sit                debitcard-api                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debit-system-sit/debitcard-api                                              latest,367264dc,eaa4ab2b,f9bac248 + 68 more...                 7 months ago
debit-system-sit                debitcard-omni                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debit-system-sit/debitcard-omni                                             e6c85ca5,latest,a86a9c42,396a1d2d + 4 more...                  10 months ago
debit-system-sit                dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debit-system-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                    latest                                                         8 months ago
debit-system-uat                debitcard-api                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debit-system-uat/debitcard-api                                              latest,45a06d9b,22db82b4,540fc5bc + 38 more...                 8 months ago
debit-system-uat                debitcard-omni                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debit-system-uat/debitcard-omni                                             latest,ce1e054c,498a7e2b,0b5f07b6 + 6 more...                  10 months ago
debit-system-uat                dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debit-system-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                    latest                                                         8 months ago
debitcard-sit                   debit-gateway-cdc                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-sit/debit-gateway-cdc                                             latest,2b7703c7,f77b9e31,b2b59aee + 4 more...                  2 weeks ago
debitcard-sit                   dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                       latest                                                         7 days ago
debitcard-sit                   inquiry-be                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-sit/inquiry-be                                                    f624dee8,latest,d0750c6e,2ce5b680 + 47 more...                 6 weeks ago
debitcard-sit                   inventory-be                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-sit/inventory-be                                                  latest,ca4486f4,d851b054,7446c863 + 5 more...                  7 days ago
debitcard-sit                   inventory-omni                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-sit/inventory-omni                                                16d6ed4b,latest,3a70e42a,267b84ad + 1 more...                  7 days ago
debitcard-sit                   inventory-web                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-sit/inventory-web                                                 latest,1d3867ab,819fdb7e,82f37060 + 3 more...                  3 months ago
debitcard-sit                   maintenance-be                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-sit/maintenance-be                                                ae9a5b75,latest,293113d8,6b4552ea + 97 more...                 3 weeks ago
debitcard-sit                   maintenance-omni                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-sit/maintenance-omni                                              latest,8c964037,6272e756,aec7d530 + 72 more...                 3 weeks ago
debitcard-sit                   maintenance-web                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-sit/maintenance-web                                               latest,07ca3403,e2df0a50,d6066985 + 94 more...                 3 weeks ago
debitcard-sit                   nodejs-12-rhel7                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-sit/nodejs-12-rhel7                                               latest                                                         4 weeks ago
debitcard-sit                   param-be                                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-sit/param-be                                                      ac53b431,latest,29c53b11,3590293f + 17 more...                 5 weeks ago
debitcard-sit                   request-be                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-sit/request-be                                                    latest,5eb2cb9d,54979c76,1ecf0dc6 + 26 more...                 4 weeks ago
debitcard-sit                   request-omni                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-sit/request-omni                                                  dab36d5c,latest,5b7f8005,c9660186 + 31 more...                 4 weeks ago
debitcard-sit                   request-web                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-sit/request-web                                                   latest,e79a3393,743fa2ca,88d4eef6 + 25 more...                 3 weeks ago
debitcard-sit                   test-web                                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-sit/test-web                                                      latest,31c39fe4,1fd9fe21,986570f8 + 2 more...                  7 months ago
debitcard-uat                   debit-gateway-cdc                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-uat/debit-gateway-cdc                                             latest,1a0aaf65,62943476,dc96f7f3                              2 weeks ago
debitcard-uat                   dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                       latest                                                         2 weeks ago
debitcard-uat                   inquiry-be                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-uat/inquiry-be                                                    latest,1ed03f93,48c9528e,b45196d8 + 36 more...                 2 days ago
debitcard-uat                   inventory-be                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-uat/inventory-be                                                  latest,5b7b6d9f,5d08c8e3,c2184b85 + 6 more...                  7 days ago
debitcard-uat                   inventory-omni                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-uat/inventory-omni                                                1b0bced2,latest,8a475f3c,c948da5c + 10 more...                 7 days ago
debitcard-uat                   inventory-web                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-uat/inventory-web                                                 9e8be834,latest,e37a1f5c,21b87deb + 3 more...                  2 months ago
debitcard-uat                   maintenance-be                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-uat/maintenance-be                                                2777e3f6,latest,7cfe0cc7,61a56281 + 66 more...                 2 days ago
debitcard-uat                   maintenance-omni                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-uat/maintenance-omni                                              latest,c88e1da6,2d36af51,7b538533 + 66 more...                 13 days ago
debitcard-uat                   maintenance-web                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-uat/maintenance-web                                               b0224143,latest,c8a4e61a,160d3a2a + 59 more...                 3 weeks ago
debitcard-uat                   nodejs-12-rhel7                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-uat/nodejs-12-rhel7                                               latest                                                         3 weeks ago
debitcard-uat                   param-be                                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-uat/param-be                                                      e0aa764b,latest,0ed0bea9,cdd60ab8 + 8 more...                  13 days ago
debitcard-uat                   request-be                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-uat/request-be                                                    5ab21c4b,latest,5ed3843a,d6c13a1b + 15 more...                 12 days ago
debitcard-uat                   request-omni                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-uat/request-omni                                                  e57525c5,latest,6c8ff416,a4676727 + 21 more...                 2 days ago
debitcard-uat                   request-web                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/debitcard-uat/request-web                                                   latest,3e4679e8,2f9ab9a8,916a3ab0 + 14 more...                 3 weeks ago
default                         hello-openshift                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/default/hello-openshift                                                     1,latest                                                       10 months ago
default                         hello-openshift2                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/default/hello-openshift2                                                    latest                                                         10 months ago
default                         pdmodel-python-38                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/default/pdmodel-python-38                                                   4.0                                                            3 months ago
default                         pdmodel-test                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/default/pdmodel-test                                                        4.0                                                            3 months ago
default                         r-test                                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/default/r-test                                                              latest                                                         14 months ago
default                         rimage                                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/default/rimage                                                              latest                                                         16 months ago
demo-bookinfo                   examples-bookinfo-details-v1                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/demo-bookinfo/examples-bookinfo-details-v1                                  1.15.0                                                         19 months ago
demo-bookinfo                   examples-bookinfo-productpage-v1                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/demo-bookinfo/examples-bookinfo-productpage-v1                              1.15.0                                                         19 months ago
demo-bookinfo                   examples-bookinfo-ratings-v1                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/demo-bookinfo/examples-bookinfo-ratings-v1                                  1.15.0                                                         19 months ago
demo-bookinfo                   examples-bookinfo-reviews-v1                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/demo-bookinfo/examples-bookinfo-reviews-v1                                  1.15.0                                                         19 months ago
demo-bookinfo                   examples-bookinfo-reviews-v2                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/demo-bookinfo/examples-bookinfo-reviews-v2                                  1.15.0                                                         19 months ago
demo-bookinfo                   examples-bookinfo-reviews-v3                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/demo-bookinfo/examples-bookinfo-reviews-v3                                  1.15.0                                                         19 months ago
demo-sit                        junit                                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/demo-sit/junit                                                              cfb14fb3,latest                                                8 months ago
demo-sit                        selenium                                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/demo-sit/selenium                                                           f91ca857,latest,6d50edfe,7813053a + 37 more...                 15 months ago
demo-sit                        selenium-test                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/demo-sit/selenium-test                                                      latest                                                         15 months ago
demo-sit                        selenium2                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/demo-sit/selenium2                                                          357d63e9,latest,cf39348b                                       15 months ago
demo-sit                        selenium2-test                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/demo-sit/selenium2-test                                                     latest                                                         15 months ago
demo-sit                        wildfly-120-centos7                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/demo-sit/wildfly-120-centos7                                                latest                                                         16 months ago
digital-retail-sit              elixir-sit                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/digital-retail-sit/elixir-sit                                                                                                              
digital-retail-sit              serverjre                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/digital-retail-sit/serverjre                                                8                                                              22 months ago
digital-retail-sit              video-kyc                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/digital-retail-sit/video-kyc                                                latest,0.0.7                                                   22 months ago
digital-retail-uat              serverjre                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/digital-retail-uat/serverjre                                                8                                                              22 months ago
digital-retail-uat              video-kyc                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/digital-retail-uat/video-kyc                                                latest,0.0.7                                                   22 months ago
digitalapi-functional-sit       generaterandomnumber                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/digitalapi-functional-sit/generaterandomnumber                              0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          15 months ago
digitalapi-functional-sit       inquiryrbpcharges                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/digitalapi-functional-sit/inquiryrbpcharges                                 0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          18 months ago
digitalapi-functional-sit       serverjre                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/digitalapi-functional-sit/serverjre                                         8                                                              20 months ago
digitalapi-functional-uat       inquiryrbpcharges                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/digitalapi-functional-uat/inquiryrbpcharges                                 latest,1.0.0                                                   18 months ago
digitalapi-functional-uat       serverjre                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/digitalapi-functional-uat/serverjre                                         8                                                              20 months ago
digitalsignature-sit            onesign-channel                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/digitalsignature-sit/onesign-channel                                        3f4c8997ff602821946b629554375fa10d6784ea + 10 more...          12 months ago
digitalsignature-sit            onesign-eksternal                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/digitalsignature-sit/onesign-eksternal                                      latest,182401bfa0407a255877dbe2fd4c7551f02611e4 + 5 more...    11 months ago
digitalsignature-sit            openjdk                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/digitalsignature-sit/openjdk                                                8                                                              13 months ago
digitalsignature-uat            onesign-channel                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/digitalsignature-uat/onesign-channel                                        7eef9cd8830f2607d6fbb4b8256156ce2de9d2ab + 1 more...           13 months ago
digitalsignature-uat            openjdk                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/digitalsignature-uat/openjdk                                                8                                                              13 months ago
e-kyc-ppd                       onegate                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/e-kyc-ppd/onegate                                                           master-6dbcdb6                                                 3 weeks ago
e-kyc-sit                       onegate                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/e-kyc-sit/onegate                                                           sit-3718856,sit-5b75d2a,sit-bb7ff06 + 52 more...               6 hours ago
e-kyc-uat                       onegate                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/e-kyc-uat/onegate                                                           uat-8a49958,uat-38a3f6a,uat-91faa35 + 7 more...                22 hours ago
ecm-ppd                         dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/ecm-ppd/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                             latest                                                         6 weeks ago
ecm-ppd                         ecm-api                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/ecm-ppd/ecm-api                                                             1.5.1,latest,1.4.0,1.3.5,1.3.4,1.2.0 + 6 more...               12 days ago
ecm-sit                         dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/ecm-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                             latest                                                         13 months ago
ecm-sit                         ecm-api                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/ecm-sit/ecm-api                                                             latest,635d7924,a52ae96b,2b770b2b + 33 more...                 12 days ago
ecm-uat                         dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/ecm-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                             latest                                                         13 months ago
ecm-uat                         ecm-api                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/ecm-uat/ecm-api                                                             0b94270d,latest,f6983aea,cf29a474 + 14 more...                 8 weeks ago
ehd-ppd                         dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/ehd-ppd/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                             latest                                                         11 months ago
ehd-ppd                         ehd-maintenance-api                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/ehd-ppd/ehd-maintenance-api                                                 1.0.0,latest,0.0.3,0.0.2,0.0.1                                 10 months ago
ehd-ppd                         ehd-parameter-api                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/ehd-ppd/ehd-parameter-api                                                   latest,1.0.0,0.0.7,0.0.6,0.0.5,0.0.4 + 1 more...               10 months ago
ehd-sit                         dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/ehd-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                             latest                                                         14 months ago
ehd-sit                         ehd-maintenance-api                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/ehd-sit/ehd-maintenance-api                                                 f642efe3,latest,3e9a99d1,3fa60332 + 23 more...                 10 months ago
ehd-sit                         ehd-parameter-api                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/ehd-sit/ehd-parameter-api                                                   latest,4b83dac8,78464cab,81d63e3a + 9 more...                  10 months ago
ehd-uat                         dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/ehd-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                             latest                                                         12 months ago
ehd-uat                         ehd-maintenance-api                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/ehd-uat/ehd-maintenance-api                                                 latest,3e9a99d1,3fa60332,b8dc8929 + 12 more...                 10 months ago
ehd-uat                         ehd-parameter-api                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/ehd-uat/ehd-parameter-api                                                   latest,4b83dac8,78464cab,a899f371 + 5 more...                  10 months ago
gift-inventory-ppd              dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/gift-inventory-ppd/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                  latest                                                         5 months ago
gift-inventory-ppd              giftinventory-order-parameter-be                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/gift-inventory-ppd/giftinventory-order-parameter-be                         0.0.2,latest,0.0.1                                             5 months ago
gift-inventory-sit              dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/gift-inventory-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                  latest                                                         8 months ago
gift-inventory-sit              giftinventory-order-parameter-be                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/gift-inventory-sit/giftinventory-order-parameter-be                         latest,42102737                                                8 months ago
gift-inventory-uat              dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/gift-inventory-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                  latest                                                         8 months ago
gift-inventory-uat              giftinventory-order-parameter-be                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/gift-inventory-uat/giftinventory-order-parameter-be                         latest,42102737                                                8 months ago
globalparam-api-ppd             dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/globalparam-api-ppd/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                 latest                                                         3 weeks ago
globalparam-api-ppd             globalparam-be                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/globalparam-api-ppd/globalparam-be                                          latest,1.0.2,1.0.1                                             8 days ago
globalparam-api-sit             dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/globalparam-api-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                 latest                                                         3 months ago
globalparam-api-sit             globalparam-be                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/globalparam-api-sit/globalparam-be                                          e687cde9,latest,adff66e2,97d21862 + 13 more...                 8 days ago
globalparam-api-uat             dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/globalparam-api-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                 latest                                                         3 months ago
globalparam-api-uat             globalparam-be                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/globalparam-api-uat/globalparam-be                                          latest,20473754,6f44390c,1a219dd8 + 1 more...                  8 days ago
gravitee-ppd                    gravitee-am-gateway                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/gravitee-ppd/gravitee-am-gateway                                            21350ce5,eddce5fb,0d5e3135,latest + 1 more...                  10 months ago
gravitee-ppd                    gravitee-am-management-api                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/gravitee-ppd/gravitee-am-management-api                                     54195c58,44fcfce6,78d32bfa,6d108720 + 3 more...                11 months ago
gravitee-ppd                    gravitee-am-ui                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/gravitee-ppd/gravitee-am-ui                                                 ac077864,eeb0377a,c45be781,68f4a6c0 + 2 more...                11 months ago
gravitee-sit                    gravitee-am-gateway                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/gravitee-sit/gravitee-am-gateway                                            d0c0cc9e,aa37bd35,b54af537,d7b93bc0 + 5 more...                10 months ago
gravitee-sit                    gravitee-am-management-api                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/gravitee-sit/gravitee-am-management-api                                     87df253e,4383d476,2176a3e7,a3cca659 + 4 more...                12 months ago
gravitee-sit                    gravitee-am-ui                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/gravitee-sit/gravitee-am-ui                                                 2d82a9aa,d33fb711,cc40d71a,5902fc36 + 4 more...                3 weeks ago
gravitee-uat                    gravitee-am-gateway                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/gravitee-uat/gravitee-am-gateway                                            764b0ba9,0344d396,a33d82d6,latest                              10 months ago
gravitee-uat                    gravitee-am-management-api                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/gravitee-uat/gravitee-am-management-api                                     0073481a,76e41921,latest                                       12 months ago
gravitee-uat                    gravitee-am-ui                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/gravitee-uat/gravitee-am-ui                                                 120fcb0c,446ef107,409ca30d,latest + 1 more...                  11 months ago
installment-cc-dev              ccipp-api                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/installment-cc-dev/ccipp-api                                                latest,1.0.2,1.0.1                                             9 months ago
installment-cc-dev              nodejs-12-rhel7                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/installment-cc-dev/nodejs-12-rhel7                                          latest                                                         9 months ago
installment-cc-uat              ccipp-api                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/installment-cc-uat/ccipp-api                                                1.0.2,latest,1.0.1,1.0.0                                       9 months ago
installment-cc-uat              nodejs-12-rhel7                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/installment-cc-uat/nodejs-12-rhel7                                          latest                                                         9 months ago
itg-springboot                  frontend                                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/itg-springboot/frontend                                                     latest                                                         2 years ago
itg-springboot                  inquirybalance                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/itg-springboot/inquirybalance                                               v1.82                                                          23 months ago
itg-springboot                  itg-springboot                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/itg-springboot/itg-springboot                                               latest,v1.0                                                    2 years ago
itg-springboot                  openjdk                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/itg-springboot/openjdk                                                      8                                                              2 years ago
itg-test                        hello-openshift                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/itg-test/hello-openshift                                                    test-push01,test-29102021-1,latest                             6 weeks ago
jenkins-project                 agent                                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/jenkins-project/agent                                                       latest                                                         2 weeks ago
jenkins-project                 agent-android-sdk                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/jenkins-project/agent-android-sdk                                           28,29,30                                                       19 hours ago
jenkins-project                 agent-go                                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/jenkins-project/agent-go                                                    1.17,1.14,1.15,1.16                                            7 weeks ago
jenkins-project                 agent-helm                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/jenkins-project/agent-helm                                                  latest                                                         2 weeks ago
jenkins-project                 agent-img                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/jenkins-project/agent-img                                                   0.0.1                                                          3 months ago
jenkins-project                 agent-kaniko                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/jenkins-project/agent-kaniko                                                0.0.1,latest                                                   3 months ago
jenkins-project                 agent-node                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/jenkins-project/agent-node                                                  16,14,12                                                       3 weeks ago
jenkins-project                 agent-openjdk                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/jenkins-project/agent-openjdk                                               11,8                                                           4 weeks ago
jenkins-project                 agent-python                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/jenkins-project/agent-python                                                3.8,3.9,3.6                                                    6 weeks ago
jenkins-project                 dotnet-31-jenkins-agent-rhel7                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/jenkins-project/dotnet-31-jenkins-agent-rhel7                               latest                                                         19 months ago
jenkins-project                 dotnet-runtime                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/jenkins-project/dotnet-runtime                                              2.1                                                            2 years ago
jenkins-project                 hello                                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/jenkins-project/hello                                                       latest                                                         2 years ago
jenkins-project                 helper                                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/jenkins-project/helper                                                      latest                                                         4 months ago
jenkins-project                 jnlp                                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/jenkins-project/jnlp                                                        latest                                                         4 months ago
jenkins-project                 openjdk                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/jenkins-project/openjdk                                                     8                                                              2 years ago
jenkins-project                 ose-golang                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/jenkins-project/ose-golang                                                  1.15,1.16                                                      4 months ago
jenkins-project                 ose-helm                                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/jenkins-project/ose-helm                                                    3                                                              4 months ago
jenkins-project                 ose-jenkins-agent-maven-java-11                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/jenkins-project/ose-jenkins-agent-maven-java-11                             latest                                                         16 months ago
jenkins-project                 ose-jenkins-agent-maven-java-8                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/jenkins-project/ose-jenkins-agent-maven-java-8                              latest                                                         16 months ago
jenkins-project                 ose-kaniko                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/jenkins-project/ose-kaniko                                                  latest                                                         3 months ago
jenkins-project                 ose-migrate                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/jenkins-project/ose-migrate                                                 latest                                                         3 months ago
karyawan-frontend               frontend-git                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/karyawan-frontend/frontend-git                                                                                                             
kumpulanservicetibco-sit        dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/kumpulanservicetibco-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                            latest                                                         21 months ago
kumpulanservicetibco-sit        inquiryaccount0039                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/kumpulanservicetibco-sit/inquiryaccount0039                                 latest,1-d6fe123e855fa3562231fb874c82a61d083ed78e              21 months ago
lldrte-ppd                      dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/lldrte-ppd/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                          latest                                                         8 months ago
lldrte-ppd                      lldrte-maintenance-api                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/lldrte-ppd/lldrte-maintenance-api                                           1.0.0,latest                                                   8 months ago
lldrte-sit                      dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/lldrte-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                          latest                                                         9 months ago
lldrte-sit                      lldrte-maintenance-api                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/lldrte-sit/lldrte-maintenance-api                                           cdfe6506,latest,5c9738b7,94650402 + 23 more...                 8 months ago
lldrte-uat                      dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/lldrte-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                          latest                                                         9 months ago
lldrte-uat                      lldrte-maintenance-api                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/lldrte-uat/lldrte-maintenance-api                                           latest,cdfe6506,5c9738b7,94650402 + 11 more...                 8 months ago
loan-ppd                        dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-ppd/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                            latest                                                         2 weeks ago
loan-ppd                        loan-account-api                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-ppd/loan-account-api                                                   0.0.9,latest,0.0.8,0.0.7,0.0.6,0.0.5 + 3 more...               5 days ago
loan-ppd                        loan-account-consumer                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-ppd/loan-account-consumer                                              latest,0.0.4,0.0.3,0.0.2                                       9 days ago
loan-ppd                        loan-account-omni                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-ppd/loan-account-omni                                                  0.0.2,latest,0.0.1                                             12 days ago
loan-ppd                        loan-parameter-api                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-ppd/loan-parameter-api                                                 latest,0.0.8,0.0.7,0.0.6,0.0.5,0.0.4 + 3 more...               4 hours ago
loan-ppd                        loan-parameter-consumer                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-ppd/loan-parameter-consumer                                            latest,0.0.8,0.0.7,0.0.6,0.0.4,0.0.3 + 1 more...               6 days ago
loan-ppd                        loan-parameter-omni                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-ppd/loan-parameter-omni                                                latest,0.0.1                                                   12 days ago
loan-ppd                        loan-transaction-api                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-ppd/loan-transaction-api                                               latest,0.0.12,0.0.11,0.0.10,0.0.9,0.0.8 + 7 more...            2 days ago
loan-ppd                        loan-transaction-consumer                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-ppd/loan-transaction-consumer                                          latest,0.0.4,0.0.3,0.0.2                                       9 days ago
loan-ppd                        loan-transaction-omni                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-ppd/loan-transaction-omni                                              0.0.1,latest                                                   12 days ago
loan-ppd                        pre-event-api                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-ppd/pre-event-api                                                      0.02,latest,0.01                                               7 days ago
loan-sit                        checkermockup                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-sit/checkermockup                                                      0c11ac74,latest,6204ad00,1990cdc7 + 8 more...                  9 months ago
loan-sit                        dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                            latest                                                         10 months ago
loan-sit                        loan-account-api                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-sit/loan-account-api                                                   d02770a2,latest,c6052c57,0b4c74c9 + 101 more...                5 days ago
loan-sit                        loan-account-consumer                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-sit/loan-account-consumer                                              latest,925fa9bc,d80ec93d,5254eeca + 23 more...                 9 days ago
loan-sit                        loan-account-omni                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-sit/loan-account-omni                                                  b4b0f5da,latest,b8014c83,e0a75550 + 33 more...                 2 weeks ago
loan-sit                        loan-origination-api                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-sit/loan-origination-api                                               latest,438a8e58,2da11eaa,31ac313a + 82 more...                 2 weeks ago
loan-sit                        loan-origination-consumer                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-sit/loan-origination-consumer                                          183d1316,latest,d11a177d,86192e67 + 7 more...                  13 days ago
loan-sit                        loan-origination-omni                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-sit/loan-origination-omni                                              c6d62a47,latest,f5421eed,5f415643 + 30 more...                 2 weeks ago
loan-sit                        loan-parameter-api                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-sit/loan-parameter-api                                                 26c99d35,latest,55bde23f,77f6dd5c + 149 more...                4 hours ago
loan-sit                        loan-parameter-consumer                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-sit/loan-parameter-consumer                                            latest,60cb5dba,4b629dba,f7427e72 + 27 more...                 5 days ago
loan-sit                        loan-parameter-kafkaconsumer                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-sit/loan-parameter-kafkaconsumer                                       latest,0c9d4728,355d8dfd,7f860ad8 + 60 more...                 2 weeks ago
loan-sit                        loan-parameter-omni                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-sit/loan-parameter-omni                                                c9d87ac1,latest,20b0cea3,b4cfb24b + 54 more...                 2 weeks ago
loan-sit                        loan-transaction-api                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-sit/loan-transaction-api                                               latest,b06fcafa,57edae22,ecd0dede + 492 more...                7 hours ago
loan-sit                        loan-transaction-consumer                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-sit/loan-transaction-consumer                                          43147773,latest,ba6293be,de745c25 + 14 more...                 9 days ago
loan-sit                        loan-transaction-omni                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-sit/loan-transaction-omni                                              6366a96d,latest,d5b054d7,25a6e937 + 130 more...                2 weeks ago
loan-sit                        on-dotnet-21-runtime                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-sit/on-dotnet-21-runtime                                               9.0,8.0,7.0,5.0,4.0,3.0,2.0,1.0                                9 months ago
loan-sit                        pre-event-api                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-sit/pre-event-api                                                      latest,bdd890a1,48b8af76,1023a66e + 49 more...                 7 days ago
loan-uat                        dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                            latest                                                         9 months ago
loan-uat                        loan-account-api                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-uat/loan-account-api                                                   latest,9f734222,3e238120,0aba6a4d + 18 more...                 6 days ago
loan-uat                        loan-account-consumer                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-uat/loan-account-consumer                                              925fa9bc,latest,d80ec93d,5254eeca + 14 more...                 9 days ago
loan-uat                        loan-account-omni                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-uat/loan-account-omni                                                  latest,b4b0f5da,b8014c83,e0a75550 + 7 more...                  2 weeks ago
loan-uat                        loan-parameter-api                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-uat/loan-parameter-api                                                 92ef1769,latest,dee07345,201c1410 + 16 more...                 7 days ago
loan-uat                        loan-parameter-consumer                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-uat/loan-parameter-consumer                                            latest,f7427e72,9c442576,5b0e7226 + 11 more...                 6 days ago
loan-uat                        loan-parameter-kafkaconsumer                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-uat/loan-parameter-kafkaconsumer                                       latest,7f860ad8,6abd1ffa,aae2e8d4 + 9 more...                  2 weeks ago
loan-uat                        loan-parameter-omni                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-uat/loan-parameter-omni                                                latest,c9d87ac1,4f7addee,d1ebbafd + 9 more...                  2 weeks ago
loan-uat                        loan-transaction-api                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-uat/loan-transaction-api                                               latest,b32e2448,6e0ac4a7,5da9c407 + 35 more...                 34 hours ago
loan-uat                        loan-transaction-consumer                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-uat/loan-transaction-consumer                                          43147773,latest,de745c25,630b6a6a + 6 more...                  9 days ago
loan-uat                        loan-transaction-omni                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-uat/loan-transaction-omni                                              latest,6366a96d,559ebc5a,63fb358b + 14 more...                 2 weeks ago
loan-uat                        pre-event-api                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-uat/pre-event-api                                                      latest,bdd890a1,48b8af76,1023a66e + 12 more...                 7 days ago
loan-web-ppd                    loanothers                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-web-ppd/loanothers                                                     0.0.8,latest,0.0.7,0.0.6,0.0.5,0.0.4 + 1 more...               2 days ago
loan-web-ppd                    nodejs-12-rhel7                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-web-ppd/nodejs-12-rhel7                                                latest                                                         12 days ago
loan-web-ppd                    transaction                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-web-ppd/transaction                                                    latest,0.0.7,0.0.6,0.0.5,0.0.4,0.0.3 + 2 more...               2 days ago
loan-web-sit                    loanorigination                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-web-sit/loanorigination                                                latest,0d69fc27,b141c998,beafc16f + 111 more...                9 hours ago
loan-web-sit                    loanothers                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-web-sit/loanothers                                                     78fdebd5,latest,6e4fbe76,ef8fd8f9 + 18 more...                 2 days ago
loan-web-sit                    nodejs-12-rhel7                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-web-sit/nodejs-12-rhel7                                                latest                                                         2 weeks ago
loan-web-sit                    transaction                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-web-sit/transaction                                                    latest,e6a3b888,f33cf3d0,ebe96b88 + 207 more...                2 days ago
loan-web-uat                    loanothers                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-web-uat/loanothers                                                     78fdebd5,latest,6e4fbe76,ef8fd8f9 + 5 more...                  2 days ago
loan-web-uat                    nodejs-12-rhel7                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-web-uat/nodejs-12-rhel7                                                latest                                                         12 days ago
loan-web-uat                    transaction                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/loan-web-uat/transaction                                                    latest,e6a3b888,f33cf3d0,b3f8eb80 + 20 more...                 2 days ago
minio-project                   minio                                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/minio-project/minio                                                         latest                                                         13 months ago
moviemgtapp-sit                 inquirylistmovie                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/moviemgtapp-sit/inquirylistmovie                                            36780c9d2d68e68d0244c6d5162791c8e5d5e6b1 + 2 more...           11 months ago
moviemgtapp-sit                 inquirylistmovierac                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/moviemgtapp-sit/inquirylistmovierac                                         latest,52ab5f17c5631f0c441b091a4fcf70866b57fa69                11 months ago
moviemgtapp-sit                 maintenancemovierac                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/moviemgtapp-sit/maintenancemovierac                                         63312fcc3a10127bde080dfac162a78d67905e0b + 7 more...           11 months ago
moviemgtapp-sit                 openjdk                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/moviemgtapp-sit/openjdk                                                     8                                                              11 months ago
netapp-trident-new              csi-attacher                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/netapp-trident-new/csi-attacher                                             latest                                                         20 months ago
netapp-trident-new              csi-node-driver-registrar                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/netapp-trident-new/csi-node-driver-registrar                                latest                                                         20 months ago
netapp-trident-new              csi-provisioner                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/netapp-trident-new/csi-provisioner                                          latest                                                         20 months ago
netapp-trident-new              csi-resizer                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/netapp-trident-new/csi-resizer                                              latest                                                         20 months ago
netapp-trident-new              trident                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/netapp-trident-new/trident                                                  latest                                                         20 months ago
new-web-ppd                     dashboard-xgen-api                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-ppd/dashboard-xgen-api                                              0.0.9,latest,0.0.5,0.0.4,0.0.3,0.0.2 + 1 more...               5 weeks ago
new-web-ppd                     dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-ppd/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                         latest                                                         3 months ago
new-web-ppd                     gravitee-am-management-api                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-ppd/gravitee-am-management-api                                      d58cadde,9b21641e,latest,2b90ce8d                              12 months ago
new-web-ppd                     gravitee-custom-api                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-ppd/gravitee-custom-api                                             latest,0.0.4,0.0.3,0.0.2,0.0.1                                 5 weeks ago
new-web-ppd                     login-sso-api                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-ppd/login-sso-api                                                   0.0.25,latest,0.0.24,0.0.23,0.0.22 + 21 more...                5 weeks ago
new-web-ppd                     maintain-rekening-web                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-ppd/maintain-rekening-web                                           bd15bdfc,latest,39e602db,aa91cd5c + 2 more...                  3 weeks ago
new-web-ppd                     nodejs-12-rhel7                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-ppd/nodejs-12-rhel7                                                 latest                                                         3 weeks ago
new-web-ppd                     web-access-management                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-ppd/web-access-management                                           646aa070,latest,341c1df1,0be8ba2e + 2 more...                  5 weeks ago
new-web-ppd                     web-account-createrekening                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-ppd/web-account-createrekening                                      e7fe7e59,latest,e56f1e36,faf3e42f + 3 more...                  3 months ago
new-web-ppd                     web-dashboard-xgen                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-ppd/web-dashboard-xgen                                              latest,d0b1b0f8,38ccecf1,a51c30d3 + 10 more...                 5 weeks ago
new-web-ppd                     web-login-standalone                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-ppd/web-login-standalone                                            latest,2fd287c9,af8df727,625b73b6                              5 weeks ago
new-web-sit                     account-closing-web                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-sit/account-closing-web                                             latest,49b7731b,922c2c45,548e0a2f + 185 more...                4 hours ago
new-web-sit                     account-transaksi-web                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-sit/account-transaksi-web                                           latest,bf938a04,13302d42,0b4af3af + 83 more...                 4 hours ago
new-web-sit                     dashboard-xgen-api                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-sit/dashboard-xgen-api                                              latest,0ad0b93a,e9c42f02,2620200b + 59 more...                 2 months ago
new-web-sit                     dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                         latest                                                         12 months ago
new-web-sit                     gravitee-am-gateway                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-sit/gravitee-am-gateway                                             c096fe6e,289397c4,ec137c13,latest                              12 months ago
new-web-sit                     gravitee-am-management-api                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-sit/gravitee-am-management-api                                      baf2b881,latest,139f052d,d08b638d + 19 more...                 12 months ago
new-web-sit                     gravitee-am-ui                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-sit/gravitee-am-ui                                                  06273139,6336a1e3,6c0c4422,b5826e38 + 1 more...                12 months ago
new-web-sit                     gravitee-custom-api                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-sit/gravitee-custom-api                                             d7160f9f,latest,d0877617,143d41cc + 79 more...                 2 weeks ago
new-web-sit                     login-sso-api                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-sit/login-sso-api                                                   af46356d,latest,5f1aae62,1446a3a1 + 79 more...                 2 weeks ago
new-web-sit                     maintain-rekening-web                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-sit/maintain-rekening-web                                           latest,c4fc358e,b12c362f,e2910fa1 + 146 more...                28 hours ago
new-web-sit                     nodejs-12-rhel7                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-sit/nodejs-12-rhel7                                                 latest                                                         2 weeks ago
new-web-sit                     web-access-management                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-sit/web-access-management                                           e891454a,latest,1fbf5b4d,e7d14462 + 79 more...                 5 weeks ago
new-web-sit                     web-account-createrekening                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-sit/web-account-createrekening                                      latest,1448005c,a9246131,2c3bdd2e + 144 more...                4 hours ago
new-web-sit                     web-dashboard-xgen                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-sit/web-dashboard-xgen                                              latest,bc66bff5,b72f8cab,f79a24ce + 29 more...                 5 weeks ago
new-web-sit                     web-login-standalone                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-sit/web-login-standalone                                            f8b1cb28,latest,c52c969f,5b1631f6 + 26 more...                 13 days ago
new-web-sit                     web-maintain-rekening                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-sit/web-maintain-rekening                                           eb8061e2,latest,fbe1b12e,cd88df26 + 102 more...                6 months ago
new-web-uat                     dashboard-xgen-api                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-uat/dashboard-xgen-api                                              latest,0ad0b93a,e9c42f02,2620200b + 9 more...                  5 weeks ago
new-web-uat                     dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                         latest                                                         12 months ago
new-web-uat                     gravitee-am-gateway                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-uat/gravitee-am-gateway                                             5bc628ef,latest,60c47cb2                                       12 months ago
new-web-uat                     gravitee-am-management-api                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-uat/gravitee-am-management-api                                      latest,43586317,f8358f47                                       12 months ago
new-web-uat                     gravitee-am-ui                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-uat/gravitee-am-ui                                                  c3d9e643,644727b7,f046c78a,57704dcc + 2 more...                12 months ago
new-web-uat                     gravitee-custom-api                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-uat/gravitee-custom-api                                             d0877617,latest,143d41cc,c6269c16 + 21 more...                 5 weeks ago
new-web-uat                     login-sso-api                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-uat/login-sso-api                                                   latest,ed781487,e6ce562e,d50b32d2 + 22 more...                 5 weeks ago
new-web-uat                     maintain-rekening-web                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-uat/maintain-rekening-web                                           0b7c8cb4,latest,70224f91,90805f09 + 59 more...                 12 days ago
new-web-uat                     nodejs-12-rhel7                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-uat/nodejs-12-rhel7                                                 latest                                                         13 days ago
new-web-uat                     web-access-management                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-uat/web-access-management                                           e891454a,latest,1fbf5b4d,d8bb9c28 + 27 more...                 5 weeks ago
new-web-uat                     web-account-createrekening                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-uat/web-account-createrekening                                      5abb110f,latest,72b0db22,35cc2a6f + 47 more...                 4 hours ago
new-web-uat                     web-dashboard-xgen                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-uat/web-dashboard-xgen                                              latest,260586a7,d3ca0dfc,32ffa251 + 16 more...                 5 months ago
new-web-uat                     web-login-standalone                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/new-web-uat/web-login-standalone                                            f8b1cb28,latest,c52c969f,5b1631f6 + 10 more...                 13 days ago
ocp-etcd-backup                 ose-cli                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/ocp-etcd-backup/ose-cli                                                     latest                                                         6 months ago
onecc-ppd                       dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onecc-ppd/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                           latest                                                         13 months ago
onecc-ppd                       onecc-api                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onecc-ppd/onecc-api                                                         latest,0.0.0.1,0.0.1,0.0.9                                     11 months ago
onecc-sit                       dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onecc-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                           latest                                                         15 months ago
onecc-sit                       onecc-api                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onecc-sit/onecc-api                                                         e274853b,latest,7ab34ff8,3783a5ef + 18 more...                 6 months ago
onecc-uat                       dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onecc-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                           latest                                                         7 days ago
onecc-uat                       onecc-api                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onecc-uat/onecc-api                                                         0.0.0.6,latest,0.0.0.5,0.0.0.2,0.0.0.1 + 5 more...             7 days ago
onemobile-sit                   account-service                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/account-service                                               0.0.2,latest,0.0.1,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT + 1 more...                  5 hours ago
onemobile-sit                   banca-service                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/banca-service                                                 latest,0.0.2,0.0.1                                             2 days ago
onemobile-sit                   card-service                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/card-service                                                  0.0.1,latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,0.0.1-UAT                          2 weeks ago
onemobile-sit                   cif-service                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/cif-service                                                   0.0.2,latest,0.0.1                                             5 hours ago
onemobile-sit                   config-server                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/config-server                                                 latest,0.0.1,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                    3 months ago
onemobile-sit                   dashboard-service                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/dashboard-service                                             0.0.1,latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                    2 weeks ago
onemobile-sit                   email-service                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/email-service                                                 0.0.1,latest                                                   2 weeks ago
onemobile-sit                   etc-service                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/etc-service                                                   0.0.1,latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                    2 weeks ago
onemobile-sit                   forex-service                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/forex-service                                                 latest,0.0.1                                                   8 months ago
onemobile-sit                   ftp-service                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/ftp-service                                                   latest,0.0.1                                                   3 months ago
onemobile-sit                   fundtransfer-service                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/fundtransfer-service                                          latest,0.0.2,0.0.1,0.0.1-UAT + 1 more...                       2 days ago
onemobile-sit                   history-service                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/history-service                                               latest,0.0.2,0.0.1                                             2 days ago
onemobile-sit                   on-byon-account-suspect-service                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/on-byon-account-suspect-service                               latest,0.0.2,0.0.1                                             33 hours ago
onemobile-sit                   on-byon-banca-suspect-service                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/on-byon-banca-suspect-service                                 latest,0.0.2,0.0.1                                             33 hours ago
onemobile-sit                   on-byon-bonds-suspect-service                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/on-byon-bonds-suspect-service                                 0.0.2,latest,0.0.1                                             33 hours ago
onemobile-sit                   on-byon-cif-suspect-service                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/on-byon-cif-suspect-service                                   0.0.2,latest,0.0.1                                             33 hours ago
onemobile-sit                   on-byon-country-service                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/on-byon-country-service                                       0.0.2,latest,0.0.1                                             33 hours ago
onemobile-sit                   on-byon-payment-suspect-service                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/on-byon-payment-suspect-service                               0.0.2,latest,0.0.1                                             33 hours ago
onemobile-sit                   on-byon-qris-suspect-service                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/on-byon-qris-suspect-service                                  latest,0.0.2,0.0.1                                             32 hours ago
onemobile-sit                   on-byon-region-service                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/on-byon-region-service                                        latest,0.0.2,0.0.1                                             32 hours ago
onemobile-sit                   on-byon-saving-tasklist-service                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/on-byon-saving-tasklist-service                               latest,0.0.2                                                   4 hours ago
onemobile-sit                   on-byon-transfer-suspect-service                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/on-byon-transfer-suspect-service                              latest,0.0.2,0.0.1                                             33 hours ago
onemobile-sit                   onfx-service                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/onfx-service                                                  latest,0.0.2,0.0.1,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                              2 days ago
onemobile-sit                   openjdk-11-rhel7                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/openjdk-11-rhel7                                              latest                                                         3 months ago
onemobile-sit                   parameter-service                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/parameter-service                                             latest,0.0.1,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                    4 hours ago
onemobile-sit                   payment-service                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/payment-service                                               0.0.2,latest,0.0.1                                             3 hours ago
onemobile-sit                   pdf-service                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/pdf-service                                                   latest,0.0.1                                                   2 weeks ago
onemobile-sit                   primary-bonds-service                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/primary-bonds-service                                         latest,0.0.2,0.0.1                                             2 days ago
onemobile-sit                   qris-service                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/qris-service                                                  latest,0.0.2,0.0.1                                             11 hours ago
onemobile-sit                   recipient-service                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/recipient-service                                             0.0.1,latest                                                   30 hours ago
onemobile-sit                   secondary-bonds-service                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/secondary-bonds-service                                       0.0.2,latest,0.0.1                                             2 days ago
onemobile-sit                   serverjre                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/serverjre                                                     8                                                              20 months ago
onemobile-sit                   telegraphic-transfer-service                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/telegraphic-transfer-service                                  latest,0.0.2,0.0.1                                             2 days ago
onemobile-sit                   token-service                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/token-service                                                 latest,0.0.1,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,0.0.1-UAT                          2 weeks ago
onemobile-sit                   user-service                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/user-service                                                  0.0.1,latest                                                   3 days ago
onemobile-sit                   userservice                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/userservice                                                   0.0.1,latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,0.0.1-UAT                          12 months ago
onemobile-sit                   wealth-management-service                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-sit/wealth-management-service                                     latest,0.0.2,0.0.1                                             35 hours ago
onemobile-uat                   account-service                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/account-service                                               0.0.2,latest,0.0.1,0.0.1-UAT,1.0.0-PROD                        5 hours ago
onemobile-uat                   banca-service                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/banca-service                                                 latest,0.0.2,0.0.1                                             2 days ago
onemobile-uat                   card-service                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/card-service                                                  0.0.1,latest,1.0.0-PROD,0.0.1-UAT + 1 more...                  2 weeks ago
onemobile-uat                   cif-service                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/cif-service                                                   0.0.2,latest,0.0.1                                             5 hours ago
onemobile-uat                   config-server                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/config-server                                                 latest,0.0.1,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                    3 months ago
onemobile-uat                   dashboard-service                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/dashboard-service                                             0.0.1,latest,0.0.1-UAT,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                          2 weeks ago
onemobile-uat                   email-service                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/email-service                                                 latest,0.0.1                                                   2 weeks ago
onemobile-uat                   etc-service                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/etc-service                                                   latest,0.0.1,1.0.0-PROD,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                         2 weeks ago
onemobile-uat                   forex-service                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/forex-service                                                 latest,0.0.1                                                   8 months ago
onemobile-uat                   ftp-service                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/ftp-service                                                   0.0.1,latest                                                   3 months ago
onemobile-uat                   fundtransfer-service                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/fundtransfer-service                                          latest,0.0.2,0.0.1,0.0.1-UAT,1.0.0-PROD + 2 more...            2 days ago
onemobile-uat                   history-service                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/history-service                                               latest,0.0.2,0.0.1                                             2 days ago
onemobile-uat                   on-byon-account-suspect-service                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/on-byon-account-suspect-service                               latest,0.0.2,0.0.1                                             33 hours ago
onemobile-uat                   on-byon-banca-suspect-service                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/on-byon-banca-suspect-service                                 0.0.2,latest                                                   33 hours ago
onemobile-uat                   on-byon-bonds-suspect-service                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/on-byon-bonds-suspect-service                                 latest,0.0.2,0.0.1                                             33 hours ago
onemobile-uat                   on-byon-cif-suspect-service                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/on-byon-cif-suspect-service                                   latest,0.0.2,0.0.1                                             33 hours ago
onemobile-uat                   on-byon-country-service                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/on-byon-country-service                                       latest,0.0.2,0.0.1                                             33 hours ago
onemobile-uat                   on-byon-payment-suspect-service                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/on-byon-payment-suspect-service                               0.0.2,latest,0.0.1                                             32 hours ago
onemobile-uat                   on-byon-qris-suspect-service                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/on-byon-qris-suspect-service                                  latest,0.0.2,0.0.1                                             32 hours ago
onemobile-uat                   on-byon-region-service                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/on-byon-region-service                                        0.0.2,latest,0.0.1                                             32 hours ago
onemobile-uat                   on-byon-saving-tasklist-service                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/on-byon-saving-tasklist-service                               latest,0.0.2                                                   4 hours ago
onemobile-uat                   on-byon-transfer-suspect-service                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/on-byon-transfer-suspect-service                              0.0.2,latest,0.0.1                                             33 hours ago
onemobile-uat                   onfx-service                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/onfx-service                                                  latest,0.0.2,0.0.1,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                              34 hours ago
onemobile-uat                   openjdk-11-rhel7                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/openjdk-11-rhel7                                              latest                                                         3 months ago
onemobile-uat                   parameter-service                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/parameter-service                                             latest,0.0.1,0.0.1-UAT,1.0.0-PROD                              3 hours ago
onemobile-uat                   payment-service                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/payment-service                                               0.0.2,latest,0.0.1                                             2 hours ago
onemobile-uat                   pdf-service                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/pdf-service                                                   0.0.1,latest                                                   2 weeks ago
onemobile-uat                   primary-bonds-service                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/primary-bonds-service                                         latest,0.0.2,0.0.1                                             2 days ago
onemobile-uat                   qris-service                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/qris-service                                                  latest,0.0.2,0.0.1                                             11 hours ago
onemobile-uat                   recipient-service                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/recipient-service                                             latest,0.0.1                                                   29 hours ago
onemobile-uat                   secondary-bonds-service                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/secondary-bonds-service                                       latest,0.0.2,0.0.1                                             2 days ago
onemobile-uat                   serverjre                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/serverjre                                                     8                                                              18 months ago
onemobile-uat                   telegraphic-transfer-service                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/telegraphic-transfer-service                                  latest,0.0.2,0.0.1                                             2 days ago
onemobile-uat                   token-service                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/token-service                                                 latest,0.0.1,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,1.0.0-PROD + 1 more...             2 weeks ago
onemobile-uat                   user-service                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/user-service                                                  0.0.1,latest                                                   40 hours ago
onemobile-uat                   userservice                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/userservice                                                   latest,0.0.1,0.0.1-UAT,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT + 1 more...              12 months ago
onemobile-uat                   wealth-management-service                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobile-uat/wealth-management-service                                     0.0.2,latest,0.0.1                                             6 hours ago
onemobilebc-sit                 account-service                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-sit/account-service                                             0.0.1,latest                                                   5 days ago
onemobilebc-sit                 activity                                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-sit/activity                                                    latest,0.0.1                                                   10 months ago
onemobilebc-sit                 activity-service                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-sit/activity-service                                            latest,0.0.1                                                   9 months ago
onemobilebc-sit                 cc-service                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-sit/cc-service                                                  latest,0.0.1                                                   6 weeks ago
onemobilebc-sit                 cif-service                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-sit/cif-service                                                 latest,0.0.1                                                   3 weeks ago
onemobilebc-sit                 config-server                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-sit/config-server                                               latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          8 months ago
onemobilebc-sit                 deposito-service                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-sit/deposito-service                                            latest,0.0.1                                                   2 weeks ago
onemobilebc-sit                 email-service                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-sit/email-service                                               latest,0.0.1                                                   9 months ago
onemobilebc-sit                 health-service                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-sit/health-service                                              latest,0.0.1                                                   9 months ago
onemobilebc-sit                 kemenkeu-service                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-sit/kemenkeu-service                                            0.0.1,latest                                                   13 days ago
onemobilebc-sit                 login-service                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-sit/login-service                                               latest,0.0.1                                                   8 days ago
onemobilebc-sit                 onboard-service                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-sit/onboard-service                                             latest,0.0.1                                                   9 months ago
onemobilebc-sit                 parameter-service                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-sit/parameter-service                                           0.0.1,latest                                                   9 hours ago
onemobilebc-sit                 recipient-service                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-sit/recipient-service                                           latest,0.0.1,0.0.2                                             32 hours ago
onemobilebc-sit                 serverjre                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-sit/serverjre                                                   8                                                              11 months ago
onemobilebc-sit                 user-service                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-sit/user-service                                                latest,0.0.1                                                   9 months ago
onemobilebc-uat                 account-service                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-uat/account-service                                             0.0.1,latest                                                   5 days ago
onemobilebc-uat                 activity-service                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-uat/activity-service                                            latest,0.0.1                                                   9 months ago
onemobilebc-uat                 cc-service                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-uat/cc-service                                                  latest,0.0.1                                                   6 weeks ago
onemobilebc-uat                 cif-service                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-uat/cif-service                                                 latest,0.0.1                                                   3 weeks ago
onemobilebc-uat                 config-server                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-uat/config-server                                               0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          4 months ago
onemobilebc-uat                 deposito-service                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-uat/deposito-service                                            latest,0.0.1                                                   6 weeks ago
onemobilebc-uat                 email-service                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-uat/email-service                                               latest,0.0.1                                                   2 months ago
onemobilebc-uat                 health-service                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-uat/health-service                                              0.0.1,latest                                                   9 months ago
onemobilebc-uat                 login-service                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-uat/login-service                                               0.0.1,latest                                                   8 days ago
onemobilebc-uat                 onboard-service                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-uat/onboard-service                                             latest,0.0.1                                                   9 months ago
onemobilebc-uat                 parameter-service                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-uat/parameter-service                                           latest,0.0.1                                                   7 hours ago
onemobilebc-uat                 recipient-service                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-uat/recipient-service                                           latest,0.0.1                                                   34 hours ago
onemobilebc-uat                 serverjre                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-uat/serverjre                                                   8                                                              11 months ago
onemobilebc-uat                 user-service                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/onemobilebc-uat/user-service                                                0.0.1,latest                                                   9 months ago
oneshare-sit                    api                                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/oneshare-sit/api                                                            sit-0b84718,sit-0f6183e,sit-5d3943c + 22 more...               13 days ago
oneshare-sit                    web                                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/oneshare-sit/web                                                            sit-f69e9e7,sit-4146b48,sit-ccebcdd + 4 more...                5 weeks ago
openapi-sit-sit                 config-server                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openapi-sit-sit/config-server                                               latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          4 months ago
openapi-sit-sit                 serverjre                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openapi-sit-sit/serverjre                                                   8                                                              4 months ago
openapi-sit                     account-linking-retail                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openapi-sit/account-linking-retail                                          latest,v2.6,v2.5,v2.4,v2.3,v2.2,v2.1 + 3 more...               21 months ago
openapi-sit                     config-server                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openapi-sit/config-server                                                   0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          3 months ago
openapi-sit                     inquirybalance                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openapi-sit/inquirybalance                                                  latest,71f5dc76f3528508851a404c0f75e2237dc04e46 + 67 more...   20 months ago
openapi-sit                     java                                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openapi-sit/java                                                            8                                                              21 months ago
openapi-sit                     openjdk                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openapi-sit/openjdk                                                         8                                                              22 months ago
openapi-sit                     retail-account-management                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openapi-sit/retail-account-management                                       latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,2.3.2.RELEASE                            7 weeks ago
openapi-sit                     retail-base-service                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openapi-sit/retail-base-service                                             latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          2 weeks ago
openapi-sit                     retail-fundtransfer-interbank                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openapi-sit/retail-fundtransfer-interbank                                   latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          2 weeks ago
openapi-sit                     retail-fundtransfer-online                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openapi-sit/retail-fundtransfer-online                                      latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,1.0,2.3.2.RELEASE                        2 weeks ago
openapi-sit                     retail-fundtransfer-overbooking                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openapi-sit/retail-fundtransfer-overbooking                                 latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          12 days ago
openapi-sit                     serverjre                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openapi-sit/serverjre                                                       8                                                              4 months ago
openapi-uat                     config-server                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openapi-uat/config-server                                                   latest,1.0                                                     3 months ago
openapi-uat                     inquirybalance                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openapi-uat/inquirybalance                                                  latest,v3.45,v3.44,v3.42,v3.41,dev + 46 more...                20 months ago
openapi-uat                     openjdk                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openapi-uat/openjdk                                                         8                                                              21 months ago
openapi-uat                     retail-account-management                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openapi-uat/retail-account-management                                       latest,1.0                                                     6 weeks ago
openapi-uat                     retail-base-service                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openapi-uat/retail-base-service                                             latest,1.0                                                     2 weeks ago
openapi-uat                     retail-fundtransfer-interbank                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openapi-uat/retail-fundtransfer-interbank                                   latest,1.0                                                     2 weeks ago
openapi-uat                     retail-fundtransfer-online                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openapi-uat/retail-fundtransfer-online                                      latest,1.0                                                     2 weeks ago
openapi-uat                     serverjre                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openapi-uat/serverjre                                                       8                                                              3 months ago
openapi-uat                     user                                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openapi-uat/user                                                            latest,1.03                                                    23 months ago
openshift-image-registry        redis-5-rhel7                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift-image-registry/redis-5-rhel7                                      latest                                                         
openshift                       apicast-gateway                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/apicast-gateway                                                   2.9.0.GA,latest,2.8.0.GA,2.7.0.GA + 6 more...                  7 months ago
openshift                       apicurito-ui                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/apicurito-ui                                                      1.7,1.6,1.5,1.4,1.2,1.3                                        7 months ago
openshift                       cli                                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/cli                                                               latest                                                         5 weeks ago
openshift                       cli-artifacts                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/cli-artifacts                                                     latest                                                         5 weeks ago
openshift                       conjur-kubernetes-authenticator                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/conjur-kubernetes-authenticator                                   latest                                                         6 weeks ago
openshift                       dotnet                                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/dotnet                                                            2.1-el7,2.1-ubi8,3.1-el7,3.1-ubi8 + 5 more...                  7 months ago
openshift                       dotnet-21-jenkins-slave-rhel7                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/dotnet-21-jenkins-slave-rhel7                                     latest                                                         19 months ago
openshift                       dotnet-runtime                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/dotnet-runtime                                                    2.1-el7,2.1-ubi8,3.1-el7,3.1-ubi8 + 5 more...                  7 months ago
openshift                       eap-cd-openshift                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/eap-cd-openshift                                                  19,19.0,20,20.0,18,18.0,17,17.0,latest + 10 more...            7 months ago
openshift                       eap-cd-runtime-openshift                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/eap-cd-runtime-openshift                                          19,19.0,20,20.0,18,18.0,latest                                 7 months ago
openshift                       fedora                                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/fedora                                                            latest                                                         17 months ago
openshift                       fis-java-openshift                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/fis-java-openshift                                                1.0,2.0                                                        2 years ago
openshift                       fis-karaf-openshift                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/fis-karaf-openshift                                               1.0,2.0                                                        2 years ago
openshift                       fuse-apicurito-generator                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/fuse-apicurito-generator                                          1.6,1.7,1.5,1.4,1.2,1.3                                        7 months ago
openshift                       fuse7-console                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/fuse7-console                                                     1.6,1.7,1.5,1.4,1.0,1.1,1.2,1.3                                7 months ago
openshift                       fuse7-eap-openshift                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/fuse7-eap-openshift                                               1.6,1.7,1.5,1.4,1.0,1.1,1.2,1.3                                7 months ago
openshift                       fuse7-java-openshift                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/fuse7-java-openshift                                              1.6,1.7,1.5,1.4,1.0,1.1,1.2,1.3                                7 months ago
openshift                       fuse7-karaf-openshift                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/fuse7-karaf-openshift                                             1.7,1.5,1.4,1.0,1.1,1.2,1.3                                    7 months ago
openshift                       golang                                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/golang                                                            1.14.7-ubi8,latest,1.13.4-ubi7 + 2 more...                     5 weeks ago
openshift                       hello-world                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/hello-world                                                       latest                                                         23 months ago
openshift                       hello-world-nexus                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/hello-world-nexus                                                 latest                                                         22 months ago
openshift                       httpd                                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/httpd                                                             2.4-el7,2.4-el8,latest,2.4                                     7 months ago
openshift                       installer                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/installer                                                         latest                                                         5 weeks ago
openshift                       installer-artifacts                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/installer-artifacts                                               latest                                                         5 weeks ago
openshift                       java                                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/java                                                              latest,openjdk-11-el7,openjdk-11-ubi8 + 4 more...              7 months ago
openshift                       jboss-amq-62                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-amq-62                                                      1.1,1.2,1.3,1.4,1.5,1.6,1.7                                    2 years ago
openshift                       jboss-amq-63                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-amq-63                                                      1.0,1.1,1.2,1.3,1.4                                            2 years ago
openshift                       jboss-datagrid65-client-openshift                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-datagrid65-client-openshift                                 1.0,1.1                                                        2 years ago
openshift                       jboss-datagrid65-openshift                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-datagrid65-openshift                                        1.2,1.3,1.4,1.5,1.6                                            2 years ago
openshift                       jboss-datagrid71-client-openshift                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-datagrid71-client-openshift                                 1.0                                                            2 years ago
openshift                       jboss-datagrid71-openshift                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-datagrid71-openshift                                        1.0,1.1,1.2,1.3                                                2 years ago
openshift                       jboss-datagrid72-openshift                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-datagrid72-openshift                                        1.0,1.1,1.2                                                    2 years ago
openshift                       jboss-datagrid73-openshift                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-datagrid73-openshift                                        1.2,1.3,1.4,1.0,1.1                                            8 months ago
openshift                       jboss-datavirt64-driver-openshift                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-datavirt64-driver-openshift                                 1.7,1.0,1.1,1.2,1.3,1.4,1.5,1.6                                16 months ago
openshift                       jboss-datavirt64-openshift                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-datavirt64-openshift                                        1.7,1.0,1.1,1.2,1.3,1.4,1.5,1.6                                16 months ago
openshift                       jboss-decisionserver64-openshift                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-decisionserver64-openshift                                  1.6,1.0,1.1,1.2,1.3,1.4,1.5                                    16 months ago
openshift                       jboss-eap64-openshift                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-eap64-openshift                                             1.1,1.2,1.3,1.4,1.5,1.6,1.7,1.8,1.9 + 1 more...                2 years ago
openshift                       jboss-eap70-openshift                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-eap70-openshift                                             1.3,1.4,1.5,1.6,1.7                                            2 years ago
openshift                       jboss-eap71-openshift                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-eap71-openshift                                             1.1,1.2,1.3,1.4,latest                                         2 years ago
openshift                       jboss-eap72-openjdk11-openshift-rhel8                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-eap72-openjdk11-openshift-rhel8                             1.0,1.1,latest                                                 7 months ago
openshift                       jboss-eap72-openshift                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-eap72-openshift                                             1.2,1.1,1.0,latest                                             8 months ago
openshift                       jboss-eap73-openjdk11-openshift                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-eap73-openjdk11-openshift                                   7.3,7.3.0,latest                                               7 months ago
openshift                       jboss-eap73-openjdk11-runtime-openshift               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-eap73-openjdk11-runtime-openshift                           7.3,7.3.0,latest                                               7 months ago
openshift                       jboss-eap73-openshift                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-eap73-openshift                                             7.3,7.3.0,latest                                               7 months ago
openshift                       jboss-eap73-runtime-openshift                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-eap73-runtime-openshift                                     latest,7.3.0,7.3                                               7 months ago
openshift                       jboss-fuse70-console                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-fuse70-console                                              1.0                                                            2 years ago
openshift                       jboss-fuse70-eap-openshift                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-fuse70-eap-openshift                                        1.0                                                            2 years ago
openshift                       jboss-fuse70-java-openshift                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-fuse70-java-openshift                                       1.0                                                            2 years ago
openshift                       jboss-fuse70-karaf-openshift                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-fuse70-karaf-openshift                                      1.0                                                            2 years ago
openshift                       jboss-processserver64-openshift                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-processserver64-openshift                                   1.6,1.0,1.1,1.2,1.3,1.4,1.5                                    16 months ago
openshift                       jboss-webserver30-tomcat7-openshift                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-webserver30-tomcat7-openshift                               1.1,1.2,1.3                                                    2 years ago
openshift                       jboss-webserver30-tomcat8-openshift                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-webserver30-tomcat8-openshift                               1.1,1.2,1.3                                                    2 years ago
openshift                       jboss-webserver31-tomcat7-openshift                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-webserver31-tomcat7-openshift                               1.0,1.1,1.2,1.3,1.4                                            2 years ago
openshift                       jboss-webserver31-tomcat8-openshift                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-webserver31-tomcat8-openshift                               1.0,1.1,1.2,1.3,1.4                                            2 years ago
openshift                       jboss-webserver50-tomcat9-openshift                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-webserver50-tomcat9-openshift                               1.0,1.1,1.2,latest                                             2 years ago
openshift                       jboss-webserver53-openjdk11-tomcat9-openshift         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-webserver53-openjdk11-tomcat9-openshift                     1.0,latest                                                     7 months ago
openshift                       jboss-webserver53-openjdk8-tomcat9-openshift          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-webserver53-openjdk8-tomcat9-openshift                      1.0,latest                                                     7 months ago
openshift                       jboss-webserver54-openjdk11-tomcat9-openshift-rhel7   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-webserver54-openjdk11-tomcat9-openshift-rhel7               latest,1.0                                                     5 weeks ago
openshift                       jboss-webserver54-openjdk11-tomcat9-openshift-ubi8    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-webserver54-openjdk11-tomcat9-openshift-ubi8                1.0,latest                                                     5 weeks ago
openshift                       jboss-webserver54-openjdk8-tomcat9-openshift-rhel7    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-webserver54-openjdk8-tomcat9-openshift-rhel7                1.0,latest                                                     5 weeks ago
openshift                       jboss-webserver54-openjdk8-tomcat9-openshift-ubi8     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jboss-webserver54-openjdk8-tomcat9-openshift-ubi8                 1.0,latest                                                     5 weeks ago
openshift                       jenkin-agent-android                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jenkin-agent-android                                              3.0,latest                                                     11 months ago
openshift                       jenkins                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jenkins                                                           2,latest                                                       5 weeks ago
openshift                       jenkins-agent-base                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jenkins-agent-base                                                latest                                                         5 weeks ago
openshift                       jenkins-agent-maven                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jenkins-agent-maven                                               latest,v4.0                                                    5 weeks ago
openshift                       jenkins-agent-nodejs                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jenkins-agent-nodejs                                              latest,v4.0                                                    5 weeks ago
openshift                       jenkins-agent-nodejs-10-rhel7                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jenkins-agent-nodejs-10-rhel7                                     latest                                                         14 months ago
openshift                       jenkins-agent-nodejs-12-rhel7                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jenkins-agent-nodejs-12-rhel7                                     latest                                                         14 months ago
openshift                       jenkins-android-sdk                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/jenkins-android-sdk                                               3.0,2.0,1.0                                                    10 months ago
openshift                       mariadb                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/mariadb                                                           10.3-el7,10.3-el8,latest,10.3,10.2                             7 months ago
openshift                       modern-webapp                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/modern-webapp                                                     10.x,latest                                                    2 years ago
openshift                       mongodb                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/mongodb                                                           3.2,3.4,3.6,latest                                             2 years ago
openshift                       must-gather                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/must-gather                                                       latest                                                         5 weeks ago
openshift                       myimage                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/myimage                                                           latest                                                         
openshift                       mysql                                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/mysql                                                             8.0-el7,8.0-el8,latest,5.7,8.0                                 7 months ago
openshift                       nginx                                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/nginx                                                             1.18-ubi7,1.18-ubi8,latest,1.14-el8 + 6 more...                5 weeks ago
openshift                       nodejs                                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/nodejs                                                            14-ubi7,14-ubi8,latest,10-ubi7,10-ubi8 + 7 more...             5 weeks ago
openshift                       oauth-proxy                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/oauth-proxy                                                       v4.4                                                           5 weeks ago
openshift                       openjdk                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/openjdk                                                           8,latest                                                       
openshift                       openjdk-11-rhel7                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/openjdk-11-rhel7                                                  1.1,1.0                                                        16 months ago
openshift                       openjdk-11-rhel8                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/openjdk-11-rhel8                                                  1.0,1.1                                                        16 months ago
openshift                       openjdk-8-rhel8                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/openjdk-8-rhel8                                                   1.2,1.0,1.1                                                    8 months ago
openshift                       ose-jenkins-agent-base                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/ose-jenkins-agent-base                                            latest                                                         13 months ago
openshift                       perl                                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/perl                                                              5.30-ubi8,latest,5.26-el7,5.26-ubi8 + 4 more...                5 weeks ago
openshift                       php                                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/php                                                               7.4-ubi8,latest,7.2-ubi8,7.3-ubi7 + 5 more...                  5 weeks ago
openshift                       postgresql                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/postgresql                                                        10-el7,10-el8,12-el7,12-el8,9.6-el8 + 4 more...                7 months ago
openshift                       python                                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/python                                                            2.7-ubi7,2.7-ubi8,3.6-ubi8,3.8,3.8-ubi7 + 5 more...            7 months ago
openshift                       redhat-openjdk18-openshift                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/redhat-openjdk18-openshift                                        1.8,1.6,1.7,1.0,1.1,1.2,1.3,1.4,1.5                            8 months ago
openshift                       redhat-sso70-openshift                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/redhat-sso70-openshift                                            1.3,1.4                                                        2 years ago
openshift                       redhat-sso71-openshift                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/redhat-sso71-openshift                                            1.0,1.1,1.2,1.3                                                2 years ago
openshift                       redhat-sso72-openshift                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/redhat-sso72-openshift                                            1.0,1.1,1.2,1.3,1.4                                            2 years ago
openshift                       redhat-sso73-openshift                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/redhat-sso73-openshift                                            1.0,latest                                                     2 years ago
openshift                       redis                                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/redis                                                             5-el7,5-el8,latest,5,3.2                                       7 months ago
openshift                       rhdm-decisioncentral-rhel8                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/rhdm-decisioncentral-rhel8                                        7.9.0,7.8.0,7.7.0,7.5.0,7.5.1                                  5 weeks ago
openshift                       rhdm-kieserver-rhel8                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/rhdm-kieserver-rhel8                                              7.9.0,7.8.0,7.7.0,7.5.0,7.5.1                                  5 weeks ago
openshift                       rhdm-optaweb-employee-rostering-rhel8                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/rhdm-optaweb-employee-rostering-rhel8                             7.5.0,7.5.1                                                    16 months ago
openshift                       rhdm73-decisioncentral-indexing-openshift             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/rhdm73-decisioncentral-indexing-openshift                         1.0,1.1                                                        2 years ago
openshift                       rhdm73-decisioncentral-openshift                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/rhdm73-decisioncentral-openshift                                  1.0,1.1                                                        2 years ago
openshift                       rhdm73-kieserver-openshift                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/rhdm73-kieserver-openshift                                        1.0,1.1                                                        2 years ago
openshift                       rhdm73-optaweb-employee-rostering-openshift           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/rhdm73-optaweb-employee-rostering-openshift                       1.0,1.1                                                        2 years ago
openshift                       rhdm74-decisioncentral-openshift                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/rhdm74-decisioncentral-openshift                                  1.0,1.1                                                        16 months ago
openshift                       rhdm74-kieserver-openshift                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/rhdm74-kieserver-openshift                                        1.0,1.1                                                        16 months ago
openshift                       rhdm74-optaweb-employee-rostering-openshift           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/rhdm74-optaweb-employee-rostering-openshift                       1.0,1.1                                                        16 months ago
openshift                       rhpam-businesscentral-monitoring-rhel8                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/rhpam-businesscentral-monitoring-rhel8                            7.9.0,7.8.0,7.7.0,7.5.0,7.5.1                                  5 weeks ago
openshift                       rhpam-businesscentral-rhel8                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/rhpam-businesscentral-rhel8                                       7.9.0,7.8.0,7.7.0,7.5.0,7.5.1                                  5 weeks ago
openshift                       rhpam-kieserver-rhel8                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/rhpam-kieserver-rhel8                                             7.9.0,7.8.0,7.7.0,7.5.0,7.5.1                                  5 weeks ago
openshift                       rhpam-smartrouter-rhel8                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/rhpam-smartrouter-rhel8                                           7.9.0,7.8.0,7.7.0,7.5.0,7.5.1                                  5 weeks ago
openshift                       rhpam73-businesscentral-indexing-openshift            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/rhpam73-businesscentral-indexing-openshift                        1.0,1.1                                                        2 years ago
openshift                       rhpam73-businesscentral-monitoring-openshift          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/rhpam73-businesscentral-monitoring-openshift                      1.0,1.1                                                        2 years ago
openshift                       rhpam73-businesscentral-openshift                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/rhpam73-businesscentral-openshift                                 1.0,1.1                                                        2 years ago
openshift                       rhpam73-kieserver-openshift                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/rhpam73-kieserver-openshift                                       1.0,1.1                                                        2 years ago
openshift                       rhpam73-smartrouter-openshift                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/rhpam73-smartrouter-openshift                                     1.0,1.1                                                        2 years ago
openshift                       rhpam74-businesscentral-monitoring-openshift          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/rhpam74-businesscentral-monitoring-openshift                      1.0,1.1                                                        16 months ago
openshift                       rhpam74-businesscentral-openshift                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/rhpam74-businesscentral-openshift                                 1.0,1.1                                                        16 months ago
openshift                       rhpam74-kieserver-openshift                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/rhpam74-kieserver-openshift                                       1.0,1.1                                                        16 months ago
openshift                       rhpam74-smartrouter-openshift                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/rhpam74-smartrouter-openshift                                     1.0,1.1                                                        16 months ago
openshift                       ruby                                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/ruby                                                              2.7-ubi8,latest,2.5-ubi7,2.5-ubi8 + 8 more...                  5 weeks ago
openshift                       serverjre                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/serverjre                                                         8,latest                                                       
openshift                       sso74-openshift-rhel8                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/sso74-openshift-rhel8                                             7.4,latest                                                     8 months ago
openshift                       tests                                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/tests                                                             latest                                                         5 weeks ago
openshift                       tools                                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/tools                                                             latest                                                         5 weeks ago
openshift                       ubi8-openjdk-11                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/ubi8-openjdk-11                                                   1.3                                                            7 months ago
openshift                       ubi8-openjdk-8                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/openshift/ubi8-openjdk-8                                                    1.3                                                            7 months ago
opesam-sit                      dotnet-app                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/opesam-sit/dotnet-app                                                       sit-31bf46f,sit-a2833ac,sit-6a44099 + 7 more...                3 months ago
opesam-sit                      frontend-angular                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/opesam-sit/frontend-angular                                                 sit-28baaa9,sit-059689c,sit-ffba5b3 + 3 more...                3 months ago
opesam-sit                      go-location                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/opesam-sit/go-location                                                      sit-05bddef,sit-9fa2cd1,sit-c2de24b                            2 months ago
opesam-sit                      go-product                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/opesam-sit/go-product                                                       sit-12d312d,sit-80fe7bd,sit-e64deaa + 1 more...                3 months ago
opesam-sit                      go-user                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/opesam-sit/go-user                                                          sit-e4f9473,sit-c592088,sit-5f8e505 + 2 more...                3 months ago
opesam-sit                      java-app                                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/opesam-sit/java-app                                                         sit-fc043e2,sit-9672b14,sit-1a68a7d + 2 more...                3 months ago
opesam-sit                      migrate-app                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/opesam-sit/migrate-app                                                      sit-9830db7,sit-9a3b5fc,sit-b5b7132                            3 months ago
opesam-sit                      python-app                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/opesam-sit/python-app                                                       sit-ddb0659,sit-48f8ee9,sit-1f22ff0 + 1 more...                3 months ago
overbooking-api-sit             dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/overbooking-api-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                 latest                                                         5 months ago
overbooking-api-sit             overbooking-be                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/overbooking-api-sit/overbooking-be                                          8e90dafb,latest,a5ff4f73                                       5 months ago
pdmodel-api-ppd                 pdmodel-api                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/pdmodel-api-ppd/pdmodel-api                                                 1.4,latest,1.2,1.3,1.1                                         3 weeks ago
pdmodel-api-ppd                 pdmodel-python-38                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/pdmodel-api-ppd/pdmodel-python-38                                           5.0,4.0,3.0,2.0,1.0                                            3 months ago
pdmodel-api-ppd                 rbase                                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/pdmodel-api-ppd/rbase                                                       3.0,2.0                                                        10 months ago
pdmodel-api-python-sit          rbase                                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/pdmodel-api-python-sit/rbase                                                2.0                                                            9 months ago
pdmodel-api-sit                 pdmodel-api                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/pdmodel-api-sit/pdmodel-api                                                 latest,1.2,1.1,1.0                                             7 weeks ago
pdmodel-api-sit                 pdmodel-python-38                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/pdmodel-api-sit/pdmodel-python-38                                           3.0,2.0,1.0                                                    3 months ago
pdmodel-api-sit                 python                                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/pdmodel-api-sit/python                                                      3.8                                                            9 months ago
pdmodel-api-sit                 python-38                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/pdmodel-api-sit/python-38                                                   latest                                                         9 months ago
pdmodel-api-sit                 rbase                                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/pdmodel-api-sit/rbase                                                       3.0,2.0                                                        11 months ago
pdmodel-api-uat                 pdmodel-api                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/pdmodel-api-uat/pdmodel-api                                                 latest,1.2,1.3,1.1                                             7 weeks ago
pdmodel-api-uat                 pdmodel-python-38                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/pdmodel-api-uat/pdmodel-python-38                                           3.0,2.0,1.0                                                    3 months ago
pdmodel-api-uat                 rbase                                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/pdmodel-api-uat/rbase                                                       3.0,2.0                                                        10 months ago
pdmodel-sit                     precalculated                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/pdmodel-sit/precalculated                                                   develop-651b2ce,develop-fd830c3 + 8 more...                    4 weeks ago
project-abe                     nginx-abe2                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/project-abe/nginx-abe2                                                      latest                                                         23 months ago
project-abe                     spring-app-abe                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/project-abe/spring-app-abe                                                  latest                                                         23 months ago
proposition-sit                 backend                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/proposition-sit/backend                                                     main-1c47694,main-edb31ca,main-809f3da + 76 more...            3 hours ago
proposition-sit                 web                                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/proposition-sit/web                                                         develop-109481b,develop-4e5456a + 50 more...                   7 hours ago
proposition-uat                 web                                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/proposition-uat/web                                                         master-cace53b                                                 4 weeks ago
proytp-sit                      coba                                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/proytp-sit/coba                                                             latest                                                         2 months ago
proytp-sit                      coba-secretless                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/proytp-sit/coba-secretless                                                  latest                                                         6 months ago
proytp-sit                      coba-summon                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/proytp-sit/coba-summon                                                      1.0                                                            6 months ago
proytp-sit                      conjur-kubernetes-authenticator                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/proytp-sit/conjur-kubernetes-authenticator                                  latest                                                         9 months ago
proytp-sit                      datapribadi-git                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/proytp-sit/datapribadi-git                                                                                                                 
proytp-sit                      on-dotnet-21-runtime                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/proytp-sit/on-dotnet-21-runtime                                             9.0,3.0,2.0,1.0                                                4 months ago
proytp-sit                      openjdk                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/proytp-sit/openjdk                                                          8                                                              21 months ago
proytp-sit                      secretless-broker                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/proytp-sit/secretless-broker                                                latest                                                         10 months ago
proytp-sit                      spring-app                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/proytp-sit/spring-app                                                       latest                                                         17 months ago
proytp-sit                      spring-app-secretless                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/proytp-sit/spring-app-secretless                                            latest                                                         7 months ago
proytp-sit                      ytp-new                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/proytp-sit/ytp-new                                                          v2.3                                                           14 months ago
proytp-sit                      ytp-secretless-new                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/proytp-sit/ytp-secretless-new                                               latest                                                         6 months ago
proytp-sit                      ytp-spring                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/proytp-sit/ytp-spring                                                       v2.3,latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT + 3 more...                         17 months ago
proytp-sit                      ytp-spring-summon                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/proytp-sit/ytp-spring-summon                                                1.0                                                            9 months ago
proytp-sit                      ytp-summon-new                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/proytp-sit/ytp-summon-new                                                   1.0,latest                                                     6 months ago
proytp-uat                      openjdk                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/proytp-uat/openjdk                                                          8                                                              21 months ago
proytp-uat                      trident                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/proytp-uat/trident                                                          latest                                                         20 months ago
proytp-uat                      ytp-spring                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/proytp-uat/ytp-spring                                                       latest,dev,v2.3,v2.2,v2.1                                      18 months ago
remittance-api-sit              checknamapenerima-be                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/remittance-api-sit/checknamapenerima-be                                     latest,42e7e6d5,49b2d54b,504d200e + 7 more...                  7 weeks ago
remittance-api-sit              creditnote-be                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/remittance-api-sit/creditnote-be                                            b0aa7583,latest,a013812d,168fc8aa + 70 more...                 11 hours ago
remittance-api-sit              creditnote-omni                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/remittance-api-sit/creditnote-omni                                          latest,a998ff46,d1da7164,69db8b73 + 24 more...                 5 hours ago
remittance-api-sit              dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/remittance-api-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                  latest                                                         3 months ago
remittance-api-sit              remittance-cdc                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/remittance-api-sit/remittance-cdc                                           latest,ecc99b35,aea2d6b9,26be9233                              8 weeks ago
remittance-api-sit              remittance-param-be                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/remittance-api-sit/remittance-param-be                                      c179dca2,latest,7009b7a9,1786f771 + 19 more...                 7 weeks ago
remittance-api-sit              remittance-preevent                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/remittance-api-sit/remittance-preevent                                      cead1aaa,latest,34a0d395,2219be23 + 3 more...                  5 hours ago
remittance-api-sit              rtgs-be                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/remittance-api-sit/rtgs-be                                                  0ea2f155,latest,9d4457d4,9f08b2bd + 10 more...                 34 hours ago
remittance-api-sit              rtgs-omni                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/remittance-api-sit/rtgs-omni                                                beb849db,latest,aa1291fd,2a2cbb8a + 21 more...                 4 hours ago
remittance-api-sit              telegraphictransfer-be                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/remittance-api-sit/telegraphictransfer-be                                   a49b4698,latest,595584ea,dcb758fb                              5 weeks ago
remittance-api-uat              creditnote-be                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/remittance-api-uat/creditnote-be                                            latest,b07a9da0                                                3 months ago
remittance-api-uat              dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/remittance-api-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                  latest                                                         3 months ago
remittance-web-sit              creditnote-web                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/remittance-web-sit/creditnote-web                                           latest,3457da53,b4307351,f0099d8d + 61 more...                 3 hours ago
remittance-web-sit              nodejs-12-rhel7                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/remittance-web-sit/nodejs-12-rhel7                                          latest                                                         2 weeks ago
remittance-web-sit              rtgs-web                                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/remittance-web-sit/rtgs-web                                                 21204724,latest,ab768ecb,984b99b7 + 55 more...                 11 hours ago
sample-learn                    dotnet-sample                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/sample-learn/dotnet-sample                                                                                                                 
sonarqube-project               gitlab-ce                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/sonarqube-project/gitlab-ce                                                 latest                                                         13 months ago
sonarqube-project               sonarqube                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/sonarqube-project/sonarqube                                                 latest                                                         13 months ago
sonarqube-project               sonarqube-community                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/sonarqube-project/sonarqube-community                                       latest                                                         13 months ago
svs-ppd                         dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/svs-ppd/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                             latest                                                         3 months ago
svs-ppd                         svs-api                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/svs-ppd/svs-api                                                             1.3.7,latest,1.3.5,1.3.4,1.3.3,1.3.2 + 13 more...              26 hours ago
svs-ppd                         svs-omni                                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/svs-ppd/svs-omni                                                            latest,1.0.0,0.0.3,0.0.2,0.0.1                                 4 months ago
svs-sit                         dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/svs-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                             latest                                                         14 months ago
svs-sit                         svs-api                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/svs-sit/svs-api                                                             latest,76b4b76b,12aa1bbf,b8fc0b29 + 72 more...                 3 hours ago
svs-sit                         svs-omni                                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/svs-sit/svs-omni                                                            latest,adc37ff6,7db09de6,6ae49872 + 10 more...                 4 months ago
svs-uat                         dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/svs-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                             latest                                                         14 months ago
svs-uat                         svs-api                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/svs-uat/svs-api                                                             latest,b8fc0b29,9e75510f,0c7df272 + 18 more...                 2 weeks ago
svs-uat                         svs-omni                                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/svs-uat/svs-omni                                                            adc37ff6,latest,01764516                                       4 months ago
switching-ppd                   dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/switching-ppd/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                       latest                                                         10 months ago
switching-ppd                   switching-fundtransfer-api                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/switching-ppd/switching-fundtransfer-api                                    1.0.0.1,latest,1.0.0.0                                         9 months ago
switching-ppd                   switching-gateway-api                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/switching-ppd/switching-gateway-api                                         1.0.0.1,latest,1.0.0.0                                         9 months ago
switching-sit                   acquiring-api                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/switching-sit/acquiring-api                                                 69c34478,latest,858311f1,d56e04da + 7 more...                  9 days ago
switching-sit                   dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/switching-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                       latest                                                         6 weeks ago
switching-sit                   switching-fundtransfer-api                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/switching-sit/switching-fundtransfer-api                                    de9e706d,latest,908e5e4a,34031292 + 20 more...                 10 months ago
switching-sit                   switching-gateway-api                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/switching-sit/switching-gateway-api                                         dcaa4a82,latest,322bed37,17c82869 + 39 more...                 10 months ago
switching-sit                   switching-paymentpurchase-api                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/switching-sit/switching-paymentpurchase-api                                 latest,047f1623,d5823405,f598a4a5 + 21 more...                 9 months ago
switching-uat                   dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/switching-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                       latest                                                         10 months ago
switching-uat                   switching-fundtransfer-api                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/switching-uat/switching-fundtransfer-api                                    latest,479ec315,792a7adf,4d965800 + 13 more...                 10 months ago
switching-uat                   switching-gateway-api                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/switching-uat/switching-gateway-api                                         eeae6246,latest,8e5c94e5,3c692e2a + 7 more...                  10 months ago
switching-uat                   switching-paymentpurchase-api                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/switching-uat/switching-paymentpurchase-api                                 8ea84d6b,latest,9fa749d6,55ea2f9e + 6 more...                  9 months ago
syariah-tabungan-emas-sit       cronjob-emas                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/syariah-tabungan-emas-sit/cronjob-emas                                      latest,06cbfd66,06ac671d,f43cd29a + 79 more...                 31 hours ago
syariah-tabungan-emas-sit       dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/syariah-tabungan-emas-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                           latest                                                         6 months ago
syariah-tabungan-emas-sit       emas-eksternal-api                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/syariah-tabungan-emas-sit/emas-eksternal-api                                latest,505649f5,d7d995f3,6a7055e1 + 39 more...                 2 weeks ago
syariah-tabungan-emas-sit       emas-internal                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/syariah-tabungan-emas-sit/emas-internal                                     latest,3d6c94cf                                                6 months ago
syariah-tabungan-emas-sit       emas-internal-api                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/syariah-tabungan-emas-sit/emas-internal-api                                 latest,461c7189,b842277e,e0bceb23 + 209 more...                4 hours ago
syariah-tabungan-emas-sit       emas-settlement-api                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/syariah-tabungan-emas-sit/emas-settlement-api                               latest,8c13e50a,338a8dfe,9f8d545d + 11 more...                 2 months ago
syariah-tabungan-emas-sit       nodejs-12-rhel7                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/syariah-tabungan-emas-sit/nodejs-12-rhel7                                   latest                                                         2 weeks ago
syariah-tabungan-emas-sit       syariah-tabungan-emas-eksternal-api                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/syariah-tabungan-emas-sit/syariah-tabungan-emas-eksternal-api               latest,028ea367,ea0dea9a,df8f44dc + 6 more...                  6 months ago
syariah-tabungan-emas-sit       syariah-tabungan-emas-internal-api                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/syariah-tabungan-emas-sit/syariah-tabungan-emas-internal-api                57c842f8,latest,fc9f394d,31f06e45 + 11 more...                 6 months ago
syariah-tabungan-emas-sit       syariah-tabungan-emas-onegold                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/syariah-tabungan-emas-sit/syariah-tabungan-emas-onegold                     latest,d89e9249,0dbba97b,093c839a + 143 more...                10 hours ago
syariah-tabungan-emas-sit       syariah-tabungan-emas-onegold-api                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/syariah-tabungan-emas-sit/syariah-tabungan-emas-onegold-api                 latest,39759f2c,93d9a5b1,39e093b9 + 208 more...                4 hours ago
syariah-tabungan-emas-uat       dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/syariah-tabungan-emas-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                           latest                                                         6 months ago
syariah-tabungan-emas-uat       emas-internal-api                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/syariah-tabungan-emas-uat/emas-internal-api                                 17c566ba,latest,0f340f7e                                       3 weeks ago
syariah-tabungan-emas-uat       nodejs-12-rhel7                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/syariah-tabungan-emas-uat/nodejs-12-rhel7                                   latest                                                         7 days ago
syariah-tabungan-emas-uat       syariah-tabungan-emas-eksternal-api                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/syariah-tabungan-emas-uat/syariah-tabungan-emas-eksternal-api               a9edef85,latest                                                6 months ago
syariah-tabungan-emas-uat       syariah-tabungan-emas-onegold                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/syariah-tabungan-emas-uat/syariah-tabungan-emas-onegold                     latest,0d938107,a00171d2,a275dc06                              7 days ago
treasury-ppd                    dealkurs-be                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/treasury-ppd/dealkurs-be                                                    1.0.0,latest                                                   2 weeks ago
treasury-ppd                    dealkurs-omni                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/treasury-ppd/dealkurs-omni                                                  latest,1.0.0                                                   2 weeks ago
treasury-ppd                    dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/treasury-ppd/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                        latest                                                         2 weeks ago
treasury-ppd                    treasury-customer-api                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/treasury-ppd/treasury-customer-api                                          latest,1.0.2,1.0.1                                             2 days ago
treasury-ppd                    treasury-obligasiparameter-api                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/treasury-ppd/treasury-obligasiparameter-api                                 1.0.5,latest,1.0.4                                             3 months ago
treasury-ppd                    treasury-onlinefx-api                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/treasury-ppd/treasury-onlinefx-api                                          1.0.5,latest,1.0.3,1.0.1,1.0.0                                 13 days ago
treasury-ppd                    treasury-transaksiobligasi-api                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/treasury-ppd/treasury-transaksiobligasi-api                                 latest,1.0.9,1.0.8,1.0.7,1.0.6,1.0.5 + 1 more...               2 days ago
treasury-sit                    dealkurs-be                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/treasury-sit/dealkurs-be                                                    ae0c1e0a,latest,f5d20aac,ae89ae9b + 5 more...                  2 weeks ago
treasury-sit                    dealkurs-omni                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/treasury-sit/dealkurs-omni                                                  latest,e6cdf4e1,cba40cee,ed23b4ac + 17 more...                 2 weeks ago
treasury-sit                    dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/treasury-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                        latest                                                         14 months ago
treasury-sit                    treasury-customer-api                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/treasury-sit/treasury-customer-api                                          latest,bb1cd3bf,0dde6e3e,b6668617 + 13 more...                 5 weeks ago
treasury-sit                    treasury-obligasiparameter-api                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/treasury-sit/treasury-obligasiparameter-api                                 d1bc1c86,latest,a2ac6713,42cd1da6 + 26 more...                 7 weeks ago
treasury-sit                    treasury-onlinefx-api                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/treasury-sit/treasury-onlinefx-api                                          213700af,latest,a35cfdcc,22f2ea5f + 32 more...                 3 months ago
treasury-sit                    treasury-transaksiobligasi-api                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/treasury-sit/treasury-transaksiobligasi-api                                 latest,038aa7d2,8638ea6c,516b46b8 + 118 more...                9 days ago
treasury-uat                    dealkurs-be                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/treasury-uat/dealkurs-be                                                    latest,f5d20aac,c2b73374                                       2 weeks ago
treasury-uat                    dealkurs-omni                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/treasury-uat/dealkurs-omni                                                  latest,e6cdf4e1,c56739f4                                       2 weeks ago
treasury-uat                    dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/treasury-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                        latest                                                         14 months ago
treasury-uat                    treasury-customer-api                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/treasury-uat/treasury-customer-api                                          19cf5528,latest,33e594c4,5e7d0dd3 + 7 more...                  5 weeks ago
treasury-uat                    treasury-obligasiparameter-api                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/treasury-uat/treasury-obligasiparameter-api                                 latest,2d7019ae,2d122811,e5d91684 + 9 more...                  7 weeks ago
treasury-uat                    treasury-onlinefx-api                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/treasury-uat/treasury-onlinefx-api                                          latest,878c8da7,39c5ec18,123e4358 + 28 more...                 3 weeks ago
treasury-uat                    treasury-transaksiobligasi-api                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/treasury-uat/treasury-transaksiobligasi-api                                 latest,68e53184,f00dfb28,98125038 + 21 more...                 9 days ago
unsecured-loan-sit              creditcard-api                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/unsecured-loan-sit/creditcard-api                                           c192248a,latest,7132edd8,16fb4db3 + 4 more...                  12 months ago
unsecured-loan-sit              dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/unsecured-loan-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                  latest                                                         13 months ago
unsecured-payment-api-service   api-service-unsecured-payment-express-node            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/unsecured-payment-api-service/api-service-unsecured-payment-express-node                                                                   
unsecured-payment-api-service   usp-api-service                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/unsecured-payment-api-service/usp-api-service                                                                                              
unsecured-payment-api-service   usp-api-services                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/unsecured-payment-api-service/usp-api-services                              latest                                                         16 months ago
usermgtapp-ppd                  inquirylistuser                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/usermgtapp-ppd/inquirylistuser                                              latest,v.1                                                     13 months ago
usermgtapp-ppd                  openjdk                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/usermgtapp-ppd/openjdk                                                      8                                                              13 months ago
usermgtapp-sit                  inquirylistuser                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/usermgtapp-sit/inquirylistuser                                              latest,3c2883bdbe707ca2e4586f5485050b13078c94fe + 3 more...    3 months ago
usermgtapp-sit                  openjdk                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/usermgtapp-sit/openjdk                                                      8                                                              3 months ago
usermgtapp-uat                  inquirylistuser                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/usermgtapp-uat/inquirylistuser                                              latest,4461fd61e9e6f44ce3fa83f28b1eab3915bd9900 + 1 more...    3 months ago
usermgtapp-uat                  openjdk                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/usermgtapp-uat/openjdk                                                      8                                                              13 months ago
usp-ms                          usp-api-documentation                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/usp-ms/usp-api-documentation                                                latest                                                         15 months ago
usp-ms                          usp-api-nestjs                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/usp-ms/usp-api-nestjs                                                       latest                                                         15 months ago
velocity-sit                    api-common-authentication                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-sit/api-common-authentication                                      latest,2.0.0-SNAPSHOT,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT + 1 more...               8 weeks ago
velocity-sit                    api-common-currencyinfo                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-sit/api-common-currencyinfo                                        2.0.0-SNAPSHOT,latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                           6 weeks ago
velocity-sit                    api-common-logger                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-sit/api-common-logger                                              latest,2.0.0-SNAPSHOT,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                           2 months ago
velocity-sit                    api-common-notification                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-sit/api-common-notification                                        2.0.0-SNAPSHOT,latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                           2 months ago
velocity-sit                    api-common-parametermodule                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-sit/api-common-parametermodule                                     latest,2.0.0-SNAPSHOT,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                           2 months ago
velocity-sit                    api-common-queue-transaction                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-sit/api-common-queue-transaction                                   latest,2.0.0-SNAPSHOT,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT + 1 more...               2 months ago
velocity-sit                    api-subs-acctmgmt                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-sit/api-subs-acctmgmt                                              2.0.0-SNAPSHOT,latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                           5 weeks ago
velocity-sit                    api-subs-banktrade                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-sit/api-subs-banktrade                                             latest,2.0.0-SNAPSHOT,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                           4 hours ago
velocity-sit                    api-subs-beneficiarymgmt                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-sit/api-subs-beneficiarymgmt                                       latest,2.0.0-SNAPSHOT,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                           2 months ago
velocity-sit                    api-subs-cms                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-sit/api-subs-cms                                                   latest,2.0.0-SNAPSHOT,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                           8 weeks ago
velocity-sit                    api-subs-general                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-sit/api-subs-general                                               latest,2.0.0-SNAPSHOT,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                           2 months ago
velocity-sit                    api-subs-loan                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-sit/api-subs-loan                                                  latest,2.0.0-SNAPSHOT,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                           8 weeks ago
velocity-sit                    api-subs-registration                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-sit/api-subs-registration                                          latest,2.0.0-SNAPSHOT,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                           29 hours ago
velocity-sit                    api-subs-registration-v2                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-sit/api-subs-registration-v2                                       2.0.0-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          2 months ago
velocity-sit                    api-subs-token                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-sit/api-subs-token                                                 latest,2.0.0-SNAPSHOT,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                           7 weeks ago
velocity-sit                    api-subs-transaction                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-sit/api-subs-transaction                                           latest,2.0.0-SNAPSHOT,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                           5 hours ago
velocity-sit                    api-subs-trx-general                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-sit/api-subs-trx-general                                           2.0.0-SNAPSHOT,latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                           2 months ago
velocity-sit                    common-static                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-sit/common-static                                                  latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          35 hours ago
velocity-sit                    config-server                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-sit/config-server                                                  0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          8 months ago
velocity-sit                    serverjre                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-sit/serverjre                                                      8                                                              14 months ago
velocity-uat                    api-common-authentication                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-uat/api-common-authentication                                      latest,2.0.0,1.0                                               5 weeks ago
velocity-uat                    api-common-currencyinfo                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-uat/api-common-currencyinfo                                        latest,2.0.0,1.0                                               10 hours ago
velocity-uat                    api-common-logger                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-uat/api-common-logger                                              latest,2.0.0,1.0                                               5 weeks ago
velocity-uat                    api-common-notification                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-uat/api-common-notification                                        latest,2.0.0,1.0                                               5 weeks ago
velocity-uat                    api-common-parametermodule                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-uat/api-common-parametermodule                                     latest,2.0.0,1.0                                               5 weeks ago
velocity-uat                    api-common-queue-transaction                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-uat/api-common-queue-transaction                                   2.0.0,latest,1.0                                               5 weeks ago
velocity-uat                    api-subs-acctmgmt                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-uat/api-subs-acctmgmt                                              latest,2.0.0,1.0                                               5 weeks ago
velocity-uat                    api-subs-banktrade                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-uat/api-subs-banktrade                                             latest,2.0.0,1.0,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                About an hour ago
velocity-uat                    api-subs-beneficiarymgmt                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-uat/api-subs-beneficiarymgmt                                       latest,2.0.0,1.0                                               5 weeks ago
velocity-uat                    api-subs-cms                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-uat/api-subs-cms                                                   2.0.0,latest,1.0                                               5 weeks ago
velocity-uat                    api-subs-general                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-uat/api-subs-general                                               2.0.0,latest,1.0                                               5 weeks ago
velocity-uat                    api-subs-loan                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-uat/api-subs-loan                                                  latest,2.0.0,1.0                                               5 weeks ago
velocity-uat                    api-subs-registration                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-uat/api-subs-registration                                          latest,2.0.0,1.0                                               28 hours ago
velocity-uat                    api-subs-token                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-uat/api-subs-token                                                 latest,2.0.0,1.0                                               5 weeks ago
velocity-uat                    api-subs-transaction                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-uat/api-subs-transaction                                           latest,2.0.0,1.0                                               4 hours ago
velocity-uat                    api-subs-trx-general                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-uat/api-subs-trx-general                                           2.0.0,latest,1.0                                               5 weeks ago
velocity-uat                    common-static                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-uat/common-static                                                  latest,1.0                                                     35 hours ago
velocity-uat                    config-server                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-uat/config-server                                                  latest,1.0                                                     8 months ago
velocity-uat                    serverjre                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocity-uat/serverjre                                                      8                                                              12 months ago
velocitybc-sit                  config-server                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/config-server                                                latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          6 months ago
velocitybc-sit                  core-cif                                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/core-cif                                                     0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          8 months ago
velocitybc-sit                  core-cms                                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/core-cms                                                     latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          3 months ago
velocitybc-sit                  core-deposit                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/core-deposit                                                 latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          2 months ago
velocitybc-sit                  core-fx                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/core-fx                                                      0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          3 months ago
velocitybc-sit                  core-general                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/core-general                                                 0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          4 weeks ago
velocitybc-sit                  core-llg                                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/core-llg                                                     latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          4 weeks ago
velocitybc-sit                  core-overbooking                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/core-overbooking                                             0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          2 weeks ago
velocitybc-sit                  core-reversal                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/core-reversal                                                latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          2 months ago
velocitybc-sit                  core-rtgs                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/core-rtgs                                                    0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          4 weeks ago
velocitybc-sit                  core-statement                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/core-statement                                               0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          5 weeks ago
velocitybc-sit                  core-timedeposit                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/core-timedeposit                                             0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          2 months ago
velocitybc-sit                  core-va                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/core-va                                                      latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          3 weeks ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-acct-mgmt                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-acct-mgmt                                               0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          8 months ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-aob-timedeposit                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-aob-timedeposit                                         latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          13 days ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-bankguarantee                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-bankguarantee                                           latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          10 months ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-banktrade                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-banktrade                                               0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          9 days ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-cmsmaster                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-cmsmaster                                               latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          7 months ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-customer                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-customer                                                latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          2 months ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-depositinquiry                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-depositinquiry                                          0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          8 months ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-digital-signature                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-digital-signature                                       latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          6 months ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-ecm                                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-ecm                                                     latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          8 weeks ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-fundtransfer                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-fundtransfer                                            latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          7 months ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-fx                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-fx                                                      0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          12 days ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-general                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-general                                                 latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          2 hours ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-h2h-bulk-service                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-h2h-bulk-service                                        latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          9 months ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-hsm                                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-hsm                                                     0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          3 months ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-investmentaccount                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-investmentaccount                                       0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          7 months ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-loan                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-loan                                                    0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          4 months ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-notif-smspush                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-notif-smspush                                           latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          8 months ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-payroll                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-payroll                                                 0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          4 months ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-remittance                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-remittance                                              latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          12 days ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-scheduler                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-scheduler                                               latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          6 days ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-sibsaccount                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-sibsaccount                                             latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          8 months ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-statement                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-statement                                               0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          7 months ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-timedeposit                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-timedeposit                                             0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          6 months ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-trx-cashwithdrawal                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-trx-cashwithdrawal                                      latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          4 weeks ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-trx-domestic-transfer                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-trx-domestic-transfer                                   0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          3 weeks ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-trx-onlinetransfer                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-trx-onlinetransfer                                      latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          5 weeks ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-trx-overbooking                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-trx-overbooking                                         latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          4 weeks ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-trx-payment                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-trx-payment                                             0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          5 weeks ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-trx-purchase                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-trx-purchase                                            0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          5 weeks ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-trx-sweep-in                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-trx-sweep-in                                            latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          7 days ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-trx-transaksi-rtgs-llg                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-trx-transaksi-rtgs-llg                                  latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          2 months ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-trx-transfer-rtgs-llg                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-trx-transfer-rtgs-llg                                   latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          4 weeks ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-va                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-va                                                      latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          3 weeks ago
velocitybc-sit                  main-velis                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/main-velis                                                   latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          4 weeks ago
velocitybc-sit                  serverjre                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/serverjre                                                    8                                                              15 months ago
velocitybc-sit                  switching-payment                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/switching-payment                                            latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          6 weeks ago
velocitybc-sit                  switching-purchase                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/switching-purchase                                           latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          8 weeks ago
velocitybc-sit                  switching-transfer                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/switching-transfer                                           0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          6 weeks ago
velocitybc-sit                  webservice-logger                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-sit/webservice-logger                                            latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          5 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  config-server                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/config-server                                                latest,1.0                                                     5 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  core-cif                                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/core-cif                                                     latest,1.0                                                     5 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  core-cms                                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/core-cms                                                     latest,1.0                                                     5 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  core-deposit                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/core-deposit                                                 1.0,latest                                                     5 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  core-fx                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/core-fx                                                      latest,1.0                                                     5 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  core-general                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/core-general                                                 latest,1.0                                                     5 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  core-statement                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/core-statement                                               1.0,latest                                                     5 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  core-timedeposit                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/core-timedeposit                                             latest,1.0                                                     5 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  core-va                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/core-va                                                      1.0,latest                                                     3 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  main-acct-mgmt                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/main-acct-mgmt                                               latest,1.0                                                     5 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  main-bankguarantee                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/main-bankguarantee                                           1.0,latest                                                     10 months ago
velocitybc-uat                  main-banktrade                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/main-banktrade                                               1.0,latest                                                     4 days ago
velocitybc-uat                  main-cmsmaster                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/main-cmsmaster                                               1.0,latest                                                     5 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  main-customer                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/main-customer                                                latest,1.0                                                     5 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  main-depositinquiry                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/main-depositinquiry                                          latest,1.0                                                     5 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  main-digital-signature                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/main-digital-signature                                       latest,1.0                                                     5 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  main-ecm                                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/main-ecm                                                     latest,1.0                                                     5 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  main-fundtransfer                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/main-fundtransfer                                            1.0,latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                      5 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  main-fx                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/main-fx                                                      latest,1.0                                                     4 days ago
velocitybc-uat                  main-general                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/main-general                                                 latest,1.0                                                     5 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  main-h2h-bulk-service                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/main-h2h-bulk-service                                        1.0,latest                                                     5 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  main-hsm                                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/main-hsm                                                     1.0,latest                                                     5 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  main-investmentaccount                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/main-investmentaccount                                       1.0,latest                                                     5 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  main-loan                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/main-loan                                                    latest,1.0                                                     5 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  main-notif-smspush                                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/main-notif-smspush                                           latest,1.0                                                     5 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  main-payroll                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/main-payroll                                                 latest,1.0                                                     5 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  main-remittance                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/main-remittance                                              latest,1.0                                                     4 days ago
velocitybc-uat                  main-scheduler                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/main-scheduler                                               1.0,latest                                                     4 days ago
velocitybc-uat                  main-sibsaccount                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/main-sibsaccount                                             1.0,latest                                                     5 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  main-statement                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/main-statement                                               latest,1.0                                                     5 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  main-timedeposit                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/main-timedeposit                                             1.0,latest                                                     5 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  main-va                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/main-va                                                      latest,1.0                                                     3 weeks ago
velocitybc-uat                  main-velis                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/main-velis                                                   1.0,latest                                                     2 months ago
velocitybc-uat                  serverjre                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/serverjre                                                    8                                                              15 months ago
velocitybc-uat                  webservice-logger                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velocitybc-uat/webservice-logger                                            1.0,latest                                                     5 weeks ago
velomobile-sit-sit              serverjre                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-sit-sit/serverjre                                                8                                                              11 months ago
velomobile-sit-sit              transaction-service                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-sit-sit/transaction-service                                      latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          11 months ago
velomobile-sit                  account-management-service                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-sit/account-management-service                                   0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest,1.0.0                                    2 months ago
velomobile-sit                  authorization-service                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-sit/authorization-service                                        0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          6 days ago
velomobile-sit                  config-server                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-sit/config-server                                                latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          5 months ago
velomobile-sit                  currency-info-service                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-sit/currency-info-service                                        latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          5 months ago
velomobile-sit                  etb-account-service                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-sit/etb-account-service                                          latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          5 months ago
velomobile-sit                  holiday-service                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-sit/holiday-service                                              latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          5 months ago
velomobile-sit                  notification-scheduler-service                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-sit/notification-scheduler-service                               0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest,1.0.0                                    5 months ago
velomobile-sit                  notification-service                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-sit/notification-service                                         latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          5 months ago
velomobile-sit                  openjdk                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-sit/openjdk                                                      8                                                              23 months ago
velomobile-sit                  others-service                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-sit/others-service                                               0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest,1.0.0                                    2 weeks ago
velomobile-sit                  queue-consumer-service                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-sit/queue-consumer-service                                       latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          2 months ago
velomobile-sit                  redis-5-rhel7                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-sit/redis-5-rhel7                                                latest                                                         22 months ago
velomobile-sit                  redis-velomobile-sit                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-sit/redis-velomobile-sit                                         latest                                                         14 months ago
velomobile-sit                  scheduler-service                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-sit/scheduler-service                                            latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          15 months ago
velomobile-sit                  serverjre                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-sit/serverjre                                                    8                                                              22 months ago
velomobile-sit                  subscriber-adm-service                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-sit/subscriber-adm-service                                       latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,1.0.0                                    5 months ago
velomobile-sit                  tasklist-service                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-sit/tasklist-service                                             latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          5 months ago
velomobile-sit                  token-service                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-sit/token-service                                                0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          4 months ago
velomobile-sit                  transaction-management-service                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-sit/transaction-management-service                               0.0.1-SNAPSHOT,latest                                          4 months ago
velomobile-sit                  transaction-onfx-service                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-sit/transaction-onfx-service                                     latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          13 days ago
velomobile-sit                  transaction-service                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-sit/transaction-service                                          latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          6 days ago
velomobile-sit                  transaction-va-service                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-sit/transaction-va-service                                       latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                          5 months ago
velomobile-sit                  user                                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-sit/user                                                         latest,d2a3ab860d92cc11b95e960498bf1961e6fdb984 + 51 more...   21 months ago
velomobile-sit                  user-service                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-sit/user-service                                                 2.0-SNAPSHOT,latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                             5 months ago
velomobile-sit                  ytp-spring                                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-sit/ytp-spring                                                   v1.9                                                           23 months ago
velomobile-uat                  account-management-service                            default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-uat/account-management-service                                   1.0.0,latest                                                   2 months ago
velomobile-uat                  authorization-service                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-uat/authorization-service                                        1.0.0,latest                                                   4 days ago
velomobile-uat                  config-server                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-uat/config-server                                                1.0.0,latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                    17 months ago
velomobile-uat                  currency-info-service                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-uat/currency-info-service                                        1.0.0,latest                                                   10 months ago
velomobile-uat                  etb-account-service                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-uat/etb-account-service                                          latest,1.0.0                                                   8 months ago
velomobile-uat                  holiday-service                                       default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-uat/holiday-service                                              latest,1.0.0                                                   10 months ago
velomobile-uat                  inquirybalance                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-uat/inquirybalance                                               v2.59,v2.58                                                    23 months ago
velomobile-uat                  notification-scheduler-service                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-uat/notification-scheduler-service                               latest,1.0.0                                                   10 months ago
velomobile-uat                  notification-service                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-uat/notification-service                                         1.0.0,latest                                                   10 months ago
velomobile-uat                  openjdk                                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-uat/openjdk                                                      8                                                              23 months ago
velomobile-uat                  others-service                                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-uat/others-service                                               latest,1.0.0                                                   34 hours ago
velomobile-uat                  queue-consumer-service                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-uat/queue-consumer-service                                       1.0.0,latest                                                   6 weeks ago
velomobile-uat                  redis-5-rhel7                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-uat/redis-5-rhel7                                                latest                                                         22 months ago
velomobile-uat                  redis-velomobile-uat                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-uat/redis-velomobile-uat                                         latest                                                         14 months ago
velomobile-uat                  scheduler-service                                     default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-uat/scheduler-service                                            1.0.0,latest                                                   15 months ago
velomobile-uat                  serverjre                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-uat/serverjre                                                    8                                                              22 months ago
velomobile-uat                  subscriber-adm-service                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-uat/subscriber-adm-service                                       1.0.0,latest,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                                    6 months ago
velomobile-uat                  tasklist-service                                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-uat/tasklist-service                                             1.0.0,latest                                                   3 months ago
velomobile-uat                  token-service                                         default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-uat/token-service                                                1.0.0,latest                                                   3 months ago
velomobile-uat                  transaction-management-service                        default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-uat/transaction-management-service                               1.0.0,latest                                                   3 months ago
velomobile-uat                  transaction-onfx-service                              default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-uat/transaction-onfx-service                                     latest,1.0.0                                                   2 days ago
velomobile-uat                  transaction-service                                   default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-uat/transaction-service                                          latest,1.0.0,1.0.0-VMB-623,0.0.1-SNAPSHOT                      4 days ago
velomobile-uat                  transaction-va-service                                default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-uat/transaction-va-service                                       latest,1.0.0                                                   6 months ago
velomobile-uat                  user                                                  default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-uat/user                                                         latest,dev,1.87,1.86,1.85,1.83,1.82 + 48 more...               21 months ago
velomobile-uat                  user-service                                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/velomobile-uat/user-service                                                 1.0.0,latest                                                   5 months ago
video-kyc-sit                   serverjre                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/video-kyc-sit/serverjre                                                     8                                                              21 months ago
video-kyc-sit                   video-kyc                                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/video-kyc-sit/video-kyc                                                     latest,0.0.7                                                   21 months ago
wealth-ppd                      dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/wealth-ppd/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                          latest                                                         5 months ago
wealth-ppd                      wealth-reksaparameter-api                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/wealth-ppd/wealth-reksaparameter-api                                        1.0.4,latest,1.0.3,1.0.2,1.0.1,1.0.0                           3 months ago
wealth-sit                      dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/wealth-sit/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                          latest                                                         29 hours ago
wealth-sit                      wealth-reksaaccounttransaction-api                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/wealth-sit/wealth-reksaaccounttransaction-api                               latest,98455c43,ac3559df,b159394f + 72 more...                 5 hours ago
wealth-sit                      wealth-reksaparameter-api                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/wealth-sit/wealth-reksaparameter-api                                        latest,2bfefcf4,d25826bf,77874ef0 + 104 more...                2 days ago
wealth-uat                      dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                               default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/wealth-uat/dotnet-21-runtime-rhel7                                          latest                                                         11 months ago
wealth-uat                      wealth-reksaaccounttransaction-api                    default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/wealth-uat/wealth-reksaaccounttransaction-api                               latest,5d6e2d1f,7048f72b,05d1f8cd                              11 months ago
wealth-uat                      wealth-reksaparameter-api                             default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/wealth-uat/wealth-reksaparameter-api                                        latest,96e637bd,b2c22736,2e66d880 + 16 more...                 4 months ago
ytp-bookinfo                    examples-bookinfo-details-v1                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/ytp-bookinfo/examples-bookinfo-details-v1                                   1.15.0                                                         19 months ago
ytp-bookinfo                    examples-bookinfo-productpage-v1                      default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/ytp-bookinfo/examples-bookinfo-productpage-v1                               1.15.0                                                         19 months ago
ytp-bookinfo                    examples-bookinfo-ratings-v1                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/ytp-bookinfo/examples-bookinfo-ratings-v1                                   1.15.0                                                         19 months ago
ytp-bookinfo                    examples-bookinfo-reviews-v1                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/ytp-bookinfo/examples-bookinfo-reviews-v1                                   1.15.0                                                         19 months ago
ytp-bookinfo                    examples-bookinfo-reviews-v2                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/ytp-bookinfo/examples-bookinfo-reviews-v2                                   1.15.0                                                         19 months ago
ytp-bookinfo                    examples-bookinfo-reviews-v3                          default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/ytp-bookinfo/examples-bookinfo-reviews-v3                                   1.15.0                                                         19 months ago
ytp-pdmodel-sit                 rbase                                                 default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/ytp-pdmodel-sit/rbase                                                       2.0                                                            14 months ago
ytp-pdmodel-sit                 ytp-pdmodel                                           default-route-openshift-image-registry.apps.np.ocbcnisp.com/ytp-pdmodel-sit/ytp-pdmodel                                                 1.0,latest                                                     13 months ago
